RRY: (smiling and excited) Well, here we are.
KATYA: Yes. We are here.
JERRY: How did you stay on that beam like that? (holds up hand) I mean, it's only this wide!
KATYA: I can balance myself in any position.
(Jerry swallows)
KATYA: It is amazing after years of training how one can contort one's body. Of course, it is only useful in gymnastics.
JERRY: Oh boy...
[Jerry's apartment, morning]
JERRY: I couldn't believe it. Uh, I mean I thought I was entering a "magical world" of sensual delights, but it was just so ordinary. I mean, there was nothing gymnastic about it.
ELAINE: Well, what did you think she was gonna do?
JERRY: Well, you know. I mean... I dunno.
ELAINE: No, what?
JERRY: Well, obviously I prefer not to mention any, you know...
ELAINE: What did you think, she was going to take some of that chalk and...
JERRY: You see, now I really don't want to get into this, any kind of specifics...
ELAINE: Oh, come on. One thing? One thing! What?
JERRY: Well... Frankly, I thought, you know, I was gonna kinda' be like the apparatus.
KRAMER: You mean like the uneven parallel bars?
JERRY: See, again, I really don't feel that...
ELAINE: The balance beam?
JERRY: Could we stop?
ELAINE: (gasps in mock surprise) Not the pommel horse?
JERRY: All right. Let's just drop it.
(Jerry and Elaine move to couch)
JERRY: So lemme ask you this: how long would you say I have to put in now because of, you know, last night.
ELAINE: I dunno, at least three weeks.
JERRY: (sarcastic) Oh, great.
ELAINE: Jerry, that is such small potatoes. I think that I may have single-handedly put the kibosh on the big water merger.
JERRY: Between Poland and Morgan?
ELAINE: Yeah. Started a big name controversy.
(Kramer shouts from off-screen)
JERRY: Kramer! The stone!
(Jerry and Elaine rush to Kramer's apartment, stand in doorway)
JERRY: What happened, did you pass the stone?
KRAMER: (Off-screen) No, I tried to do a reverse hecht off my couch and I didn't make it.
[City street]
GEORGE: (singing as he exits florist with bouquet and a cup of coffee) "...tootsie, good-bye. Too-too, tootsie..." (takes a drink, makes a face, shouts back at shop) You call this coffee? (dumps out coffee behind him, accidentally hitting a parked car's windshield)
MAN IN CAR: Hey! What the hell was that?!
GEORGE: I'm sorry! I'm terribly sorry! I- I-
MAN IN CAR: Clean that up!
GEORGE: Oh, sure. Of course. (looks for place to set down flowers) Um, uh, could you hold these? For just a second, just a second. (grabs newspapers from trash bin, begins wiping windshield) Here you go, now don't worry about a thing. It's gonna be fine. Here we go. Look at this shine.
MRS. ENRIGHT: (sees George cleaning car windshield, looks appalled)
GEORGE: Look at this sparkle. (looks up, sees Lindsay's mother) Mrs. Enright! (runs after her) Mrs. Enright! Mrs. Enright!
[Jerry's apartment]
GEORGE: (on phone, as Jerry gestures beside him) No, Lindsay, I had accidentally spilled coffee on the gentleman's windshield. Why would I do that? I have a job! Well, did she see a squeegee? Well, you're not going to make a dime without a squeegee. That's right, that's right, just tell your mother it was all a big misunderstanding. You won't regret it. Okay, I'll see you later. Buh-bye. (hangs up)
JERRY: Strike two!
GEORGE: You think I'm going down?
JERRY: You're behind in the count.
GEORGE: I know.
KRAMER: (enters apartment, points at Jerry) Hey, what are you doing later?
JERRY: I'm going out with Katya, thanks to you.
KRAMER: Well, maybe you should try again. You know what happens the first time: people are a little shy, a little reticent.
JERRY: If I do it again, that extends my payment book another two weeks.
KRAMER: All right, where you going?
JERRY: We're going to the circus. One of her old Olympic teammates is an acrobat. I don't even feel like going out.
KRAMER: Well, Jerry, it's your obligation. C'mon.
JERRY: Yeah, well, y'know what? If I gotta go, and spend time with this girl, then you're coming with me, Dr. Cyclops!
KRAMER: No, no, no, I don't wanna go to the circus, Jerry.
JERRY: Yeah, well you're going.
KRAMER: Yeah, but I'm afraid of clowns!
[Mr. Pitt's office]
MR. PITT: (in polo outfit, complete with jacket and high boots) I didn't send you over there to complain about the name.
ELAINE: Well, I couldn't help it. "Moland Spring"?
MR. PITT: I like the name "Moland". I picked it out. After all those months of negotiating!
ELAINE: Well, I'm so sorry! I-
MR. PITT: Well, I'm going riding. I haven't been on Jenny for three days, all because of this blasted painting. (phone rings) Elaine?
ELAINE: Oh, sorry. (picks up phone) Hello?
MR. PITT: (walks by 3-D poster, stops) Wait a minute! Wait a minute. Ah!
[Circus, backstage]
(Clowns rush by Jerry and Kramer, Kramer flinches in fear)
KATYA: So, Jerry, you're enjoying the circus?
JERRY: "Greatest Show on Earth"!
KATYA: My father used to take me to the circus. When the elephants came by, he would scream curses at them, blaming them for all the ills of society.
JERRY: Well, they certainly take up a lot of space.
(Katya's friend walks up)
KATYA: Ah, Misha!
MISHA: Katya!
KATYA: Misha, this is Jerry.
MISHA: Ah, yes. The "co-me-dian", eh? (speaks in Romanian to Katya)
KATYA: (laughs, replies in Romanian while pointing at Jerry)
[Mr. Pitt's office]
ELAINE: (on phone) Oh, yes, yes I'll tell him. Yes, thank you. Um, um hold on. (to Pitt) Mr. Pitt!
MR. PITT: (staring at 3-D poster) I think I'm on to something!
ELAINE: Mr. Pitt! The board of directors is on the phone. They've called an emergency meeting. They want you to be there to discuss the merger!
MR. PITT: You said keep your eyes out of focus, which is misleading. You want DEEP focus!
ELAINE: (on phone) Yes, hi. Okay, fine, yeah, hold on just a second. Lemme just... (reaches into purse) Yeah, I've got it... (pulls out both hands completely covered in black ink) Oh! Oh! Yeah, yeah, he'll be there. (drops phone, rushes to Pitt) Mr. Pitt, you have GOT to stop staring at that poster!
MR. PITT: I see something that could be a spaceship. Is it round? Is it pointy?
ELAINE: (grabs poster, smashes it) No, you don't see it, and you're never going to see it! (grabs Pitt by the lapels, getting ink all over his jacket) Mr. Pitt, you have to meet with the shareholders, you have to leave now. Do you hear me? Do you hear me?!
MR. PITT: Hmm, what's happened to me? (straightens lapels) When's the meeting?
ELAINE: In about twenty minutes.
MR. PITT: Oh! (puts finger to face, smearing ink on his upper lip which now resembles an "Adolph Hitler"-style moustache) Do I have time to change?
ELAINE: Um, no.
MR. PITT: Well, excuse me, I'd better get straight over there.
ELAINE: Uh, Mr. Pitt...
MR. PITT: Yes?
ELAINE: Um, there's a just... (points at her own upper lip)
MR. PITT: (sees Elaine's hands covered in ink) Is that ink?
ELAINE: No?
(Pitt exits)
[George's car]
GEORGE: Well, here we are.
LINDSAY: Do you want to come in? My mother's having a little party.
GEORGE: Maybe I could just use the bathroom.
LINDSAY: Sure.
[Circus, back stage]
ANNOUNCER: (voiceover) Ladies and gentlemen, could I direct your attention to the center ring, where the incomparable Misha will balance ten stories above the circus floor on a wire no wider than a human thumb.
MISHA: It is time.
JERRY: Well, break a leg.
(Misha gives Jerry a dark look)
JERRY: Eh, show biz...
ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, the incomparable Misha!
(Misha exits)
JERRY: Boy, those capes are really coming back.
[Lindsay's mother's apartment]
PARTY GUEST: (exits bathroom, finds George waiting) Oh, sorry I took so long. They've got one of those 3-D art posters in there. (wipes eyes) It's mesmerizing.
(George enters bathroom)
[Circus]
(Kramer repeatedly convulses in pain, spilling popcorn and food everywhere, enters Men's room)
(Misha walks slowly across tightrope)
(Long scream bellows forth from Men's room, causing other occupant to flee and Misha to wobble)
[Circus, back stage]
JERRY: What is that sound?
KATYA: (covering ears) It is horrible!
(Shots of various circus performers reacting to the reverberating scream. Misha falls off the tightrope as audience gasps in horror)
[Lindsay's mother's apartment]
(George emerges from bathroom, shirtless and rubbing eyes)
GEORGE: Whew! Anybody see that poster in there? That is weird, wild stuff, huh? Whew!
(George looks around and sees all the party guests staring at him, then realizes he's shirtless. Tries to act casual)
[Morgan Springs shareholder meeting]
(Mr. Pitt stands at a podium, and still has the small black "ink moustache". He speaks harshly and with conviction, gesturing emphatically.)
MR. PITT: I have been accused of wrong-doing. But these false accusations will not deter us. We WILL annex Poland by the Spring, at any cost! AND... our stock will rise HIGH! (raises hand)
[Circus, back stage]
KATYA: He'll be all right. I must go and be with Misha now. I don't want you to come with me.
JERRY: Oh, why not?
KATYA: It has been three days since our night together. Misha said that was all the time I needed to put in.
JERRY: Really?
KATYA: In my country, they speak of a man so virile, so potent, that to spend a night with such a man is to enter a world of such sensual delights most women dare not dream of. This man is known as the "Comedian". You may tell jokes, Mr. Jerry Seinfeld, but you are no Comedian. (walks off)
[Circus, Men's room]
(Kramer walks out, jubilant and whistling)
[Opening monologue]
You have a close friend and they get involved, with someone in a relationship. It affects your friendship doesn't it? Because it's like you were a comedy team, and now there's this third person, you know, it kind of throws off the timing. Who's on first, I don't know, uh dear, who, who do you think is on first? In fact, whenever a friend of mine ah, starts with a new girlfriend, he should just say, "I look like the person you use to know, but I've been modified to survive in this relationship. In other words, if were having an argument and she's there, I may say I totally disagree with you, but what that means is, I'd like to help you out, but I'd rather continue to see her naked."
[Exterior daylight shot of Monk's restaurant -- then inside where Jerry and George are sitting in the usual booth. A waitress (Kelly) walks up to the table to take their order.]
WAITRESS: O.K. Cowboys, (taps pencil on her pad) What'll you have?
JERRY: I'll have the, ah, turkey club without the bacon.
GEORGE: And ah, I'll have the bacon club without the turkey. (raises eyebrows)
WAITRESS: George, don't make me get tough with you.
GEORGE: Why, you think you can, beat me up?
WAITRESS: You wouldn't want me to mess up the beautiful face of yours.
GEORGE: Huh, nggh [snort] Stop. (flirting with her he playfully hits her arm with the menu, then flicks it into the air)
WAITRESS: You don't want bacon I'll surprise you. (she turns and walks away)
GEORGE: Wow, is she not terrific?
JERRY: She does have a way.
GEORGE: You think she thinks I have a beautiful face, or is she just saying that?
JERRY: Well they do work on tips.
GEORGE: "George, don't make me get tough with you." Whu, hu, hu, hu huuuu (raises arms) Who says that? She is really cool. What do you think? You think she likes me?
JERRY: Ah, I should have got the egg white omelet.
GEORGE: Why should she like me? Who am I? Huh, there's a million people to like.
JERRY: The omelet. Damn.
GEORGE: Maybe she could like me? Is it that far fetched? Maybe she sees something? Is it possible?
JERRY: No.
GEORGE: No.
JERRY: Not possible.
GEORGE: Not possible.
(Elaine enters and walks up to the table)
ELAINE: Heyyyyyy (leaning in, very friendly and happy)
GEORGE: Hey Elaine.
JERRY: Lannie, how was the trip?
(Elaine sits down next to George in the booth)
GEORGE: What trip? You were gone?
ELAINE: I went to England ... with Mr. Pitt, for 5 days.
GEORGE: Hunh, pph (raises hands slightly, in amazement) How was it?
ELAINE: Actually it was great. I met an Englishman, and we really, hit it off.
JERRY: Yeah, well that relationships really got a lot of potential.
GEORGE: he he (laughs)
ELAINE: Yeah well Jerome, I, happen to be flying him in on my frequent flyer miles.
GEORGE: Flying him in? How long's he staying for?
ELAINE: It's an open ended ticket. He can return any time he wants.
GEORGE: All this in 5 days. Hmm.
JERRY: Oh no, it's Kenny Bania.
(Kenny Bania is hanging up his coat on the coat rack by the front door)
GEORGE: Who's he?
JERRY: (quietly) Oh, he's this awful comedian.
(Bania walks over to the table, stands there with his arms on his hips)
BANIA: Hey Jerry.
JERRY: Hey Kenny. (with some fake enthusiasm, just to be polite)
JERRY: Elaine, George (introducing them to Bania with less enthusiasm)
ELAINE: Hi. (she flips her hair)
GEORGE: Hi (raises his left hand in a slight gesture to say hi)
BANIA: Hi. (to Elaine)
JERRY: How's it going?
BANIA: Great. I've been working out. Went from a size 40, to a 42.
JERRY: No kidding.
BANIA: Yeah, I'm huge (ducks his head into his right shoulder with false modesty) Well, I'll leave you guys alone. (raps his knuckle twice on the table, turns and walks away)
JERRY: All right.
ELAINE: O.K. Thanks.
(Bania gets about 3-4 steps away then turns around quickly)
BANIA: Oh. Jerry, You know what just hit me? I was thinking -- What size suit are you?
JERRY: Ahh, I'm a 40. Why?
BANIA: I just got a brand new Armani suit -- doesn't fit me anymore. You want it?
JERRY: Well I don't know if I ...
BANIA: Oh come on. Why should it just sit in the closet?
ELAINE: An Armani suit?
GEORGE: Take the suit.
JERRY: Well ... ok, I guess (voice trailing off)
BANIA: You gonna be home later?
JERRY: Yeah.
BANIA: I'll drop it off. (raps his knuckle twice on the table again, turns and walks away)
GEORGE: Heh heh heh hey, new suit (raises coffee cup as a salute / toast)
JERRY: Yeah, yeah, lucky me. (sips coffee)
(The waitress walks up to the table with Jerry and George's plates)
WAITRESS: (to George) Here I personally made you a cold chicken sandwich. It's not even on the menu.
GEORGE: (takes a large bite - with his mouth still full, his speech is muffled) Oh, this is fabulous.
(The waitress cocks her head and looks at George as if she is glad he likes the sandwich)
[Exterior of the restaurant, then to Jerry and George standing outside on the sidewalk. Jerry is zipping up his leather jacket. George is wearing a larger green jacket.]
GEORGE: Boy, she is nice. I like her, I like her Jerry. She's got substance. She oozes substance.
JERRY: Well, go in there and talk to her. She's not going to put 'em on the glass.
GEORGE: You mean a walk back in? That's the toughest move in the business. You're sending me out into no-man's-land, and if I get shot down I have to crawl all the way back. Well I can't do it! I can't do it, I tell ya!
(Jerry grabs George forcefully by the collar of his coat)
JERRY: Pull yourself together. Your going in there soldier! That's an order!
(Jerry lightly slaps George on his right arm. George turns to look at the restaurant and the task at hand)
JERRY: Get in there. (he pushes George in the direction of the restaurant)
[Exterior daylight shot of Jerry's brick apt. building, then to the interior of his apt. Kramer enters quickly, sliding on his right foot.]
KRAMER: Hey. (walking over to Jerry, who sits at the table reading the newspaper)
JERRY: Hey.
KRAMER: Listen, I need you to do me a favor.
JERRY: What?
KRAMER: Well, I need you to help me move my refrigerator.
JERRY: Why?
KRAMER: Cause I'm getting rid of it.
[Intercom buzzes]
(Kramer turns & goes over to the intercom to push the speaker button. He says something like "ya go," but it's difficult to make out what he says)
JERRY: YEAH? (speaking loudly so the visitor can hear him through the intercom)
BANIA: [It's K.B., I have the suit]
JERRY: ALL RIGHT, COME ON UP (Jerry puts his head down - he's not looking forward to Kenny Bania)
KRAMER: (claps hands) So ...
JERRY: Well, well, why are you getting rid of your refrigerator? (he gets up from the table and carries a dish into the kitchen)
KRAMER: Well after that Kidney Stone I only want fresh food. It's gotta be fresh. I'm not eating any more stored food. Plus you know I want the space.
JERRY: What for?
KRAMER: Well I could put a, dresser in there. I could get dressed while I'm making breakfast.
(Bania opens the door and leans his head in)
BANIA: Hey (holds the Armani suit up) Here you go. (walks into the apt.)
JERRY: Yeah.
BANIA: You didn't think I was really going to give you a suit, did you?
KRAMER: What, you're giving him this suit?
BANIA: That's right, and it's an Armani.
KRAMER: Armani? Hey, Armani Jerry. (Kramer takes the suit and looks it over)
JERRY: Yes, yes, I heard.
KRAMER: Come on, try it on.
(Kramer takes the jacket off of the hangar and put the pans, still on the hanger, on the kitchen counter -- he opens the jacket for Jerry to slip in to)
JERRY: No, it's ok.
KRAMER: Come on, I want to see how it fits.
JERRY: All right, all right. (trying on the suit jacket)
KRAMER: There you go.
JERRY: Ok, Yeah all right.
KRAMER: Oh boy, that looks great. I can't believe you're giving him this.
BANIA: I don't even want anything for it.
(grinning like a Hyena, Bania looks at Jerry -- Jerry's _expression looks like "what have I gotten myself into here.")
KRAMER: He's very generous, isn't he?
JERRY: Yes, yes, he is.
BANIA: I'll tell you what -- you can take me out to dinner sometime.
(Jerry starts taking the jacket off and stops -- looking very surprised at Bania)
JERRY: Dinner?
BANIA: Yeah. You buy me a meal -- you can't get a better deal than that (pats Jerry on the shoulder)
KRAMER: No, you'll never get a better deal than that.
BANIA: All right. I'll leave you alone. (turns and walks out the door)
JERRY: Yeah, I'll see you.
KRAMER: All right, ooh look at that Armani, huh, yeah.
(Jerry has the jacket off and walks over to the table -- he tosses the it onto the table)
JERRY: Yeah, that's a deal. That's a terrible deal. I don't want to go out to dinner with him. I'd rather make my own suit.
(Kramer rubs his fingers through his high standing hair as George enters the apt.)
GEORGE: I did it! It's all done!
JERRY: Hey. (raises hands into "fists of encouragement")
GEORGE: I did it. Hunh, we're going out as soon as she gets off of work and it'll still be daytime. You know I, I'm much better in the daytime then I am at night. it's less pressure.
JERRY: I love the day date. No wine, No shower.
GEORGE: There ya go.
[A daylight shot of a yellow taxi driving down the street, then inside to the back seat of the taxi -- Simon, the Englishman that Elaine met on her trip is riding with her.]
ELAINE: So the trip was good?
SIMON: Yes (nice English accent) Apart from that, dreadful airline food. It tends to reek havoc with my stomach.
ELAINE: You know I, I have to say, I've never admitted this to anyone, but um, I kind of like airline food. (leans in and laughs, flirting with him)
SIMON: That's probably because of ... [muttering]
ELAINE: What?
SIMON: What?
ELAINE: Yeah, what?
SIMON: [sighs]
ELAINE: What?
SIMON: Where I come from, we don't say "What?" It's proper to say "Pardon?"
ELAINE: Huh. (muttering) This should be interesting.
SIMON: Pardon?
ELAINE: Nothing.
[Beautiful aerial shot of Central Park and part of the city (visible off to the left) -- looks to be a beautiful autumn day. Then to the waitress (Kelly) and George strolling along a path in the park. Each has a coat on and their hands are in their pockets.]
KELLY: So then about a year ago I started selling, these funky little hair clips. It's going pretty good. I make them in my apartment.
(a horse with rider walks by)
KELLY: I'm just doing this waitress thing for a while, because I wanted to go to Europe this summer…
GEORGE: (quietly) ahh.
KELLY: …and I could use a few extra ... Careful
(she points to the ground, so George will see the fresh horse manure and avoid stepping in it)
GEORGE: Oh. It's just horse manure (huh huh - laughs, he points back at the horse that walked by) Horse manure's not that bad. I don't even mind the word "manure." You know, it's, it's "nure," which is good. and a "ma" in front of it. MA-NURE. I mean when you consider the other choices, "manure" is actually pretty refreshing.
(they both laugh a little and George glances at his watch)
KELLY: That's a nice watch George.
GEORGE: Yeah.
KELLY: You know, my boyfriend has the same one.
GEORGE: Huh. Really?
KELLY: Yeah, he loves watches. He's a real watch freak.
GEORGE: Well, how about that?
KELLY: Ooh look out. (pointing at the ground - squishing sound) You stepped right in it.
GEORGE: Yes, I sure did.
[Exterior of Jerry's brick apartment building with the staircase - then inside where George and Jerry are talking.]
JERRY: So you just pretended it didn't bother you?
GEORGE: What is that, Boyfriend? I don't understand that. What, what does she think I asked her out for?
JERRY: Boy, It's the way they just slip it in there too.
GEORGE: Yeah, yeah, like it's just part of the conversation. "Oh my boyfriend really likes watches. He's a real watch freak." We-e-ell that's fabulous. (snaps fingers in the air a couple of times)
JERRY: Well let me ask you this. What exactly did you say when you asked her out?
GEORGE: I said, "would you like to go for a walk or something."
JERRY: Oh, a walk, well --
GEORGE: Or something. I said, "Or Something!"
JERRY: Or something. Yeah, that's a date.
GEORGE: (snaps fingers) There you go.
JERRY: Course you know there is always the possibility, that she called an audible.
GEORGE: What do you mean?
JERRY: Well she got up to the line of scrimmage, didn't like the looks of the defense and changed the play.
GEORGE: I think things were going ok. We were having a nice conversation.
JERRY: Uh huh.
GEORGE: I mentioned how I liked horse manure.
JERRY: You did?
GEORGE: Yeah.
JERRY: Yeah. You said you liked horse manure.
GEORGE: Yeah.
JERRY: (quietly) Mm-hm.
GEORGE: You know, about how when you break it down, it's really a very positive thing. you know, you have a "nure," with a "ma" in front of it. MA-NURE. I'z not bad.
JERRY: And it was around this point that she mentioned the boyfriend?
GEORGE: Yeah. (Jerry nodding) ... Oh, you think because of what I said about the manure. I wa, wa, was just saying how it takes a negative thing, and puts it on a positive spin on it.
JERRY: I'm just saying there's a chance she may not have been enamored with your thoughts and feelings on manure.
GEORGE: So you don't think she really has a boyfriend?
JERRY: My honest opinion, I think she made it up.
GEORGE: Well then she's just a Liar, Isn't she?
(Kramer enters)
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Aaa. Well ... you want something to eat, don't you?
KRAMER: Ahh, no, no, no. You got me all wrong buddy. I am loving this no refrigerator. You know what I discovered? I really like depriving myself of things. It's fun. Very monastic.
GEORGE: Well what do you eat?
KRAMER: It's all fresh. Fresh fish, fresh foul, fresh fruit. I buy it, I omniga nominga, I eat it.
JERRY: Well I'm glad it's working out.
KRAMER: Oh yeah, it's working out. And I got a date with that waitress who works at Reggie's.
JERRY: Boy, if I could meet a hostess, we could open up our own place.
KRAMER: Ha ha ha ha. Yeah, well, I'll tell you, she's a full-figured gal.
JERRY: Is she?
KRAMER: Oh you better believe it buddy. Hey George, we could double sometime.
GEORGE: Yeah, yeah, yeah we could. You know, ah, Kramer, the next time you talk to her, find out if she knows Kelly, from Monk's. I wanna know if she really has a boyfriend.
KRAMER: All right it's done.
(George and Kramer go over by the computer. George is writing something on a piece of paper)
(Telephone rings - Jerry picks up the phone)
JERRY: Hello?
BANIA: Hi, Jerry. It's Kenny.
JERRY: Oh, Hi.
BANIA: You know, I was thinking if you're not busy, maybe I can get my meal today?
(Jerry pauses and thinks for a few seconds)
JERRY: Yeah, you wanna get that meal, don't you?
BANIA: How about Mendy's, ooh, ever been there?
JERRY: No I haven't?
BANIA: Ah you're gonna love it. I'll meet you there around 7:00.
JERRY: All right.
BANIA: Ahh.
JERRY: (hangs up the phone) Yeah, I really needed that suit.
[Exterior of Mendy's Restaurant at dusk - then inside where Bania is sitting across the table from Jerry.]
BANIA: I start off with curls. That's good for the bicep. (motions with 2 fingers along his right bicep) I do 10 reps, 2 sets.
JERRY: Mm. That's fantastic. (he could care less)
BANIA: You work out with weights?
JERRY: No I don't.
BANIA: You should.
JERRY: Why?
(Bania's broad smile of enthusiasm turns into a dumb founded look ...)
BANIA: You worn the suit yet?
JERRY: No, not yet.
WAITER: have you decided?
BANIA: Oh, get the swordfish. Best swordfish in the city. The best, Jerry.
JERRY: I'll have the salmon.
WAITER: And you?
BANIA: Ahh, you know what I think. I'm just going to have soup. Yeah, I'll save the meal for another time.
JERRY: Another time? What other time?
BANIA: I had a hot dog earlier. I'm not that hungry.
JERRY: No, no, Bania, no. This is the dinner. The soup counts.
BANIA: Soup's not a meal. You're supposed to buy me a meal.
JERRY: I'm not stopping you from eating. Go ahead and eat. Get anything you want.
BANIA: But I don't want anything but soup.
JERRY: Then that's the meal.
BANIA: But I had the hot dog.
JERRY: I didn't tell you to have a hot dog. Who told you to have a hot dog?
BANIA: Hey, I give you a brand-new Armani suit, and you won't even buy me a meal?
JERRY: All right, fine. Get the soup!
[The camera fades from the previous scene into the next scene. It's the next day, outside in front of an apartment building. Elaine sits on the front stoop while Jerry leans against the railing as they talk.]
JERRY: So he just gets soup. He wants to save the meal. So now I got to do it all over again.
ELAINE: What kind of soup did he get?
JERRY: I don't know? Consommé or something.
ELAINE: Consommé, hmm.
JERRY: What?
ELAINE: Well, that's not really a meal Jerry. I mean, if he had gotten, Chicken Gumbo, or Matzah Ball, even Mushroom Barley. Then I would agree with you. Those are very hardy soups.
JERRY: Elaine you're missing the whole point.
ELAINE: What?
JERRY: The meal is the act of sitting down with him. It doesn't matter what you get, as long as he's sitting in that restaurant, its a meal.
ELAINE: Was it a cup or a bowl?
JERRY: You see -- ah, uh ...
ELAINE: I'm just curious.
JERRY: A bowl, ok?
ELAINE: Did he crumble any crackers in it?
(Jerry blows out a breath)
ELAINE: (reiterating the question) Did he crumble, any crackers in it?
JERRY: As a mater of fact, he did.
ELAINE: Oh, well. Crackers in a bowl. That -- That could be a meal.
JERRY: It's like I'm talking to my Aunt Sylvia here.
(Simon comes out of the apartment building onto the steps next to Jerry)
ELAINE: Oh, hi Simon. This is Jerry.
SIMON: Hello. (to Jerry, politely -- then quickly turns to Elaine) Elaine, do you have any cash on you?
ELAINE: Um, yeah in my purse.
SIMON: No. There was only six dollars.
JERRY: Well, I have some money. What do you need? (pulls out some bills)
SIMON: Well, 20 should cover me. (snatches the cash) Thanks mate. (he walks down the stairs to the sidewalk)
ELAINE: Where you going?
SIMON: (starts to turn back to Elaine) Just visiting.
ELAINE: Oh, OK, see you later.
SIMON: I won't be back for dinner. (turns and walks off down the street)
ELAINE: (English accent) Pardon?
[Exterior shot of Monk's Restaurant, then inside - George is sitting at the usual booth and Jerry sits down on the other side of the table.]
JERRY: So is she working? Is she here?
GEORGE: Yeah, yeah, she's here.
JERRY: Have you said anything to her?
GEORGE: No, but I'm very uncomfortable.
JERRY: Are you going to say anything?
GEORGE: There she is. (waiving his arms quickly above the table - to nix the conversation) No no no no no no.
KELLY: Hello
GEORGE: Hello.
KELLY: Well, what's it going to be?
GEORGE: What's it gonna be?
KELLY: Yes. What'll you have? Are you eating? It's in that vein.
GEORGE: I'll eh, I'll just have a bowl of chili.
JERRY: I'll have an egg white omelet.
(Kelly the Waitress walks away)
GEORGE: What's it gonna be? ... You hear that?
JERRY: Yeah, that was bad.
GEORGE: Did you feel that tension? We use to have banter - (puts menu back with frustration) - there's no more banter.
(looking towards the front door, Jerry sees Kenny Bania hanging up his coat on the coat rack)
JERRY: Oh, no, it's Kenny. Slide out so he can't sit down. (George & Jerry each slide to the end of their booth seats)
BANIA: Hey.
JERRY: Hey.
BANIA: You worn the suit yet?
JERRY: Actually, I did. I put it on last night and slept in it.
BANIA: You did?
JERRY: ... Oh, I'm joking.
BANIA: OH! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Can I squeeze in? (to George)
GEORGE: Sure you can.
(Bania sits next to George as he and Jerry slid back to their original seats in the booth. Kelly the Waitress brings George his bowl of chili)
KELLY: Can I take your order?
BANIA: What kind of soup do you have?
JERRY: Why don't you get a sandwich?
BANIA: Ok, I'll have tomato soup and ah, tuna on toast.
JERRY: OK ... (nodding his head up and down) This is it 'cha know
(George grabs some napkins)
JERRY: This is the meal ... so stock up buddy boy.
BANIA: What are you talking about? this isn't a meal.
(George tucks a napkin over his shirt collar)
JERRY: Yes it is. Soup and sandwich. That is a meal.
BANIA: You're supposed to buy me dinner in a nice restaurant, like Mendy's.
JERRY: I tried to do that.
BANIA: This is lunch in a coffee shop
JERRY: Doesn't matter, This is it. This completes the transaction.
BANIA: Ah, soup and a sandwich for a brand-new Armani suit. Is that any kind of gesture? (turns to George)
BANIA: I'm really not comfortable ...
(Kramer walks up to the table, leans in, with both hands on the table)
KRAMER: (to George) Hey, I just spoke to ah, Hilde about your friend.
GEORGE: Yeah.
KRAMER: She doesn't have a boyfriend. She made it up.
(Kramer points at George, and makes the "pop" sound with his lips. George looks over his left shoulder, back into the kitchen, then takes his napkin off of his shirt and throws it down on the table)
[Elaine walks into Jerry's apartment and then over to the couch.]
JERRY: Hi.
ELAINE: Hi.
JERRY: Where's Simon?
ELAINE: Oh, he'll be right up. He's just getting some beer. And I'm not expecting ... any change. (leans forward as she brings her hands together in front of her, then sits on the couch)
JERRY: When's he leaving? (putting some items into the refrigerator)
ELAINE: About 2 days. Although he's hinting at how he'd like to stay. Fortunately he has no money, and no prospects. (she smiles)
(Simon walks in the open door carrying some beer)
SIMON: Hey mate. Fancy a beer?
JERRY: Ah, no thanks.
(Telephone rings)
(Simon leans down to kiss Elaine)
JERRY: (on the phone) Hello? No, I'm sorry Bania ... I'm not going over this again. Well who told you to order soup? ... No! There's no dinner. There's not going to be any dinner. You've had a sandwich and 2 bowls of soup and that's it. Good-bye.
(hangs up the cordless phone and sets it down -- blows air out of his mouth and cheeks ... Then he snaps his fingers)
JERRY: Hey, what size suit are you?
SIMON: 40.
JERRY: 40. Perfect. Brand-new Armani suit, you want it?
SIMON: Absolutely.
(Jerry hands Simon the suit on the hanger)
JERRY: Great, its yours. I can't stand the sight of it. Elaine, here's the car keys. (tosses her the keys)
ELAINE: Thanks
(Telephone rings; Jerry picks up the cordless phone)
JERRY: Yo?
BANIA: Listen Jerry, I've been doing some thinking. I want my suit back.
JERRY: I don't have your suit. I gave it away.
(Elaine and Simon are exiting the apartment door, Simon goes first. Elaine with a big smile, realizing it's Bania on the phone, bends forward from the waist slightly, opens her mouth and sticks out her tongue like she is throwing up and then exits the apartment and closes the door.)
BANIA: Well it's my suit.
JERRY: Well it's gone. I'm sorry. Good-bye Bania.
(he hangs up the cordless phone. Kramer bursts in)
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Hey.
KRAMER: Um, yeah. (glances around the apt.) Oh, uh ... well, how's everything? (clap)
JERRY: Ok.
KRAMER: Good, ah, (clap) what's going on?
JERRY: Nothing.
KRAMER: Really.
JERRY: You want food, don't cha? (nodding his head up and down)
KRAMER: It's not for me. It's for Hilde -- the waitress I was telling you about. She's hungry, she wants food. If I go back in there without any food ... there's gonna be trouble. (his voice gets really high pitched on his last sentence)
JERRY: All right, go ahead
KRAMER: Thanks buddy. (goes over to the fridge and pulls out a few things)
(Hilde walking into the open doorway of Jerry's apt. - she stands with her arms on her hips)
HILDE: Did you find anything!
KRAMER: Uh, yeah, ah ...
(looking down at the food he is clutching between his elbow and chest)
KRAMER: There's a few things in here, ah, peanut butter, cheese, yeah ...
HILDE: Cheese is good. Yeah, what kind?
KRAMER: Uh, Swiss.
HILDE: All right, it'll have to do. Come on.
(Hilde and Kramer go back to his apt. Kramer shuffles both feet wildly as he exits)
[On the sidewalk, Jerry walks up to George, who is outside, one store over from the coffee shop.]
JERRY: What are we doing out here? Aren't we going to go in and eat?
GEORGE: I can't go in there. I'm too uncomfortable.
JERRY: Oh, w-what are you saying? So we're not going to go in there anymore?
ELAINE: Hey, What are you doing out here?
JERRY: We can't eat here anymore, because he took a waitress out for a walk.
GEORGE: What's the difference? Let's go to Reggie's.
ELAINE: Reggie's? I can't eat anything there.
GEORGE: It's the same menu.
ELAINE: There's no "Big Salad."
GEORGE: They'll make you a "Big Salad." What do you think, they're the only one's that make a "Big Salad"?
ELAINE: All right. Let's go, to Reggie's.
(George half-bows to Elaine and they start to walk down the sidewalk)
JERRY: So what's going on with Simon? Did he leave?
ELAINE: Ahh ... wait till you hear this.
[Daytime exterior of Reggie's, then inside, where George sits on the left side of the booth while Elaine and Jerry sit on the right side of the booth.]
ELAINE: So Simon picks this woman up, right in front of me.
JERRY: Look at this. They make a point of saying on the menu, "No egg white omelets." Look at that.
GEORGE: So what! Have a yoke! It won't kill you.
HILDE: (walks up to the table) Hello.
JERRY: Oh, hi Hilde. Can I get an egg white omelet?
HILDE: Did you read the menu?
JERRY: All right, just give me a western. (unhappy)
ELAINE: How 'bout a Big Salad?
HILDE: A big salad?
ELAINE: (to George) Ya see?
GEORGE: Just tell her what'cha want, they'll make it for ya.
ELAINE: It's a salad, only bigger, with lots of stuff in it.
HILDE: I can bring you 2 small salads.
ELAINE: Could you put it in a big bowl?
HILDE: We don't have big bowls.
ELAINE: All right. Just give me a cup of decaf.
HILDE: We have Sanka.
(Elaine looks up at Hilde with subtle disbelief)
[Exterior of Jerry's apartment building, then inside where Jerry and George enter.]
GEORGE: I mean, it's not fair. I've been going there for 7 years. She's been there 3 weeks.
JERRY: Not fair.
GEORGE: If anyone should be forced to leave that place, it should be her!
JERRY: She's on your turf.
GEORGE: If only she could get fired. Is there any way that could happen? I mean I know how to get myself fired.
JERRY: You're the best.
GEORGE: Well ...... but how do I get someone else fired?
JERRY: Well as I see it, you've got to apply the same principles that get you fired, but redirected, outwardly.
(Kramer enters)
KRAMER: H-Hey. She's hungry Jerry.
JERRY: Well, there's nothing left. There's no food.
KRAMER: No food? Well you gotta have something -- (rummages through Jerry's cupboards and refrigerator) -- I can't go back in there with no food. She's expecting something Jerry. You don't know what she's like when that blood sugar drops.
HILDE: (from Kramer's apartment) Food!
KRAMER: There, you see. She's already in a bad mood. She just got fired.
JERRY: Why'd she get fired?
KRAMER: Oh, because I called over there a couple of times and the manager didn't like it.
(Jerry turns quickly and looks at George -- George, sitting on the couch, immediately understands, he picks up the phone with his right hand, points at Jerry with his left arm extended, dials and licks his lips)
[Exterior of the coffee shop the inside where Elaine and Jerry sit at the usual booth.]
ELAINE: So, Simon is definitely going back now. He's meeting me here to return my keys.
JERRY: Boy, he's a real bounder, isn't he?
ELAINE: Yes. He's one of those bounders.
KELLY: Egg white omelet and Big Salad.
ELAINE: AHhh. Thank you.
KELLY: I just wanted you guys know that Friday's my last day. Bloomingdales ordered a bunch of my clips, thank God, I don't have to do this any more. (turns and walks away)
ELAINE: Ah (hu ha - small laugh)
(Bania walks up to the table)
BANIA: Hey Jerry, where's my suit?
JERRY: I don't have it. You want half my omelet? (holds his omelet plate up to Bania)
MONK'S MANAGER: (on the phone, we assume it's George calling) I told you, she's busy. She can't come to the phone now! (hangs up)
MONK'S MANAGER: You better tell your boyfriend to stop calling here.
KELLY: Oh he's not my boyfriend. It's that bald guy with the glasses, who's always here with them. He's trying to get me in trouble.
(Monk's Manager stands there for a second thinking -- looking at Elaine and Jerry. Both of them have a hand up on the side of their faces. Monk's Manager walks over and puts both hands on the table and leans in)
MONK'S MANAGER: HEY! Yeah. I got a message for you. You tell your friend George, that the next time I see him around here, I'm going to turn him into my Own, Personal, Hand-Puppet.
(Jerry makes a face and silent "Ouoo")
SIMON: Well, hello. Here you are as promised. You see, I'm a man of my word. (drops keys into Elaine's extended palm)
ELAINE: When are you leaving?
SIMON: Elaine, are you trying to get rid of me? Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I was supposed to leave tomorrow, but all of a sudden, I've been set up with a job interview that might enable me to extend my visit indefinitely. And it is all due, to this suit. How do I look? I'm a shoe-in aren't I. Thanks again love. (touches the table, turns and walks to the exit)
ELAINE: (turns towards the lunch counter) Hey Kenny. You still want to get that suit back?
BANIA: (leans backwards from the counter) Yeah!
ELAINE: There it goes. (pointing at Simon walking out the door)
BANIA: Hey! Hey! (he runs out the door after Simon; from outside) Come Here You!
(Elaine and Jerry watch as Bania runs out the door after Simon)
SIMON: (from outside Monk's) What are you doing? Unhand me!
BANIA: (from outside Monk's) Take It Off!
(Sounds of struggling is heard from outside; Material rips)
(Elaine and Jerry look at each other, and toast each other by raising their forks in the air. Their mouths are open with the silent Ahhhhh _expression of joy)
[Inside Reggie's dinner. George sits silently in a booth. A plate of food on the table in front of him. Another patron is at the counter by himself.]
George pours a bit of ketchup onto his plate / food (*Actually we see the end of the bottle, which is supposed to be obscured by some elements on the table -- it does not look like any ketchup comes out of the bottle). He replaces the ketchup bottle cap and sets the bottle down on the table.
He picks up his fork and takes a bite from his plate. Then he picks up a bottle of A1 sauce and pours a bit on his food, replaces the cap and sets the bottle down. Then he picks up (what looks to be) a smaller bottle of Tabasco, pours a bit of it on his food, replaces the cap and sets the bottle in the table caddy on the table.
Then he struggles with something on the table (it's near impossible to distinguish what the item is, as it's a wide shot) -- trying to get the item open, the lid flips into the air and flies over his right shoulder, making a noise as it lands on the ground. Hearing the noise, the man at the counter turns to see what it is and George looks over at him.
[Opening monologue
I like the names they have for cars. Like, no baron has ever owned a LeBaron. Or the Ford LTD. "LTD." Limited. It's a "limited" edition...what did they make, fifty million of those? "Yes, it's 'limited' to the number we can sell." Or when they try and mangle a positive word into a car name, you know how they'll do that? The "Integra." Oh, integrity? No, Integra. The "Supra." Or the "Impreza." Yeah? Well, I hope it's not a "lemona"...or you'll be hearing from my "lawya."
[Opening scene - George looking at cars at a used car lot, checking out an '89 Volvo.]
CAR SALESMAN: George, are you sure I can't show you any other cars?
GEORGE: I don't think so, Vic. I've done my homework. '89 Volvo, that's the car for me, it's the one I want.
SALESMAN: I got a LeBaron convertible right here.
GEORGE (chuckles): N.I. Not interested.
SALESMAN: It's got a few more miles on it, but the previous owner was John Voight.
GEORGE (suddenly interested): Jon Voight?
[New scene - Jerry and Elaine in Jerry's apartment. Jerry is on the phone with Tim Whatley.]
JERRY: Okay, Tim. You're welcome. (Hangs up.)
ELAINE: Was that Tim Whatley?
JERRY: Yes, it was. He wanted your address - you, my friend, are going to be invited to his night-before-Thanksgiving party. (Elaine raises her hands triumphantly, then gleefully struts her way to the kitchen.) You know, he's got that great apartment on 77th street, and they overlook where they inflate all those huge balloons for the Macy's Thankgiving Day Parade?
ELAINE: I have always had a big crush on Tim Whatley. Why can't he ask me out? (Punctuates this by shoving Jerry.)
JERRY: Oh, he's a dentist. You don't want to go out with a dentist.
ELAINE: Why?
JERRY: He'll always be criticizing your brushing technique, it'll drive you crazy. (Mimics brushing his teeth) Away from the gums... (The door opens a little, George jangles the keys to his new car at Jerry and Elaine, then enters.)
JERRY: Uh - new car!
ELAINE: Ohhh!
JERRY: Hey! Did you get the Volvo?
GEORGE: No, I decided to go with an '89 LeBaron.
ELAINE: A LeBaron?
JERRY: I thought Consumer said Volvo was the car.
GEORGE: What Consumer? I'm the consumer.
JERRY: Alright. Seems like...a strange choice.
GEORGE: Well, maybe so...but it was good enough for Mr. Jon Voight.
ELAINE: Jon Voight? The actor?
GEORGE (boasting): That's right. He just happened to be the previous owner of the vehicle.
JERRY: You bought a car because it belonged to Jon Voight?
GEORGE (defensive): No, no...
JERRY: I think yes, yes. You like the idea of telling people you're driving Jon Voight's car.
GEORGE: Alright, maybe I do. So what.
ELAINE: I've never even seen him in a car. I mean, look at his movies. No cars. Deliverance - canoe. Midnight Cowboy - boots. Runaway Train...runaway train. (Kramer enters.)
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Hey.
KRAMER: Jerry, you know that shoe repair place at the end of the block? Well, if they don't get some business, they're gonna have to shut down and make way for one of those gourmet coffee or cookie stores.
ELAINE: I like coffee.
GEORGE: I like (imitates Kramer) "cookies."
KRAMER: Yeah, of course you do. And do you know why? Because you're a bunch of yuppies. It's your go-go corporate takeover lifestyles that are driving out these Mom and Pop stores and destroying the fabric of this neighborhood.
GEORGE: Well, what's so great about a Mom and Pop store? Let me tell you something. If my Mom and Pop ran a store, I wouldn't shop there.
KRAMER: Hey, Bogambo - they've been in the neighborhood for 48 years. Now, come on, Jerry. You've gotta have a pair of shoes in need of a cobblin.'
JERRY: I really don't wear the kind of shoes that have to be cobbled.
KRAMER: Well, what about sneakers? You know, they'll clean 'em. They do complete detailing.
JERRY: Alright, take 'em.
KRAMER (happily): Yeah-yah.
[New scene - Kramer dropping off a box full of Jerry's sneakers at Mom and Pop's shoe repair shop.]
POP: Kramer, without you, we'd be out of business.
KRAMER: Well you know, these sneakers, they belong to my neighbor, Jerry Seinfeld? The comedian.
MOM: So many sneakers!
KRAMER: Well, he's got a Peter Pan complex.
POP: They'll be ready a week from Thursday.
KRAMER: Oh, well, no rush. (wipes his nose) Uh oh.
MOM: What's the matter?
KRAMER: Oh, I keep getting these nosebleeds.
MOM: Oh, lie down, and put your head back.
KRAMER: Yeah. (Lies on the couch and cracks the back of his head against the armrest.) Hey, what's with your ceiling? (Mom and Pop look up.)
POP: What?
KRAMER (stuffing tissue up his nose): Well, you got wires sticking out every which way. That looks dangerous, you should call the electrician.
POP: You know, in the 48 years we've been here, I don't think we've ever called an electrician.
KRAMER: Yeah well, you should. This place could blow any minute.
[New scene - Elaine at Mr. Pitt's, listening to big band music on the radio. Mr. Pitt enters.]
MR. PITT: Elaine?
ELAINE: Yes, Mr. Pitt?
MR. PITT: Have you gotten all the salt off those pretzels yet?
ELAINE: No, I'm still working on it.
MR. PITT: What in blazes are you listening to?
ELAINE: Artie Shaw. "Honeysuckle Jump." (The song ends.)
DJ ON RADIO: That was Artie Shaw, "Honeysuckle Jump."
MR. PITT: Elaine! How did you know that?
ELAINE: Oh, my father used have a huge collection of big band records.
DJ ON RADIO: Congratulations to our listener Wayne Hopper for identifying it. And by doing so, he becomes our seventh person to land the WFBB-sponsored Woody Woodpecker balloon in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. (Mr. Pitt hears this and is intrigued; mouths the words "Woody Woodpecker.") There are only three spots left. We're going to take a little break now; when we come back, you'll have three more chances to win a spot holding a rope under Woody Woodpecker.
MR. PITT (to Elaine, excited): Could you identify the next song? Could you? Could you?
ELAINE: Mr. Pitt, why would you want to hold onto the ropes on the Woody Woodpecker balloon?
MR. PITT: My father was a stern man. He forbad us to participate in any activities that he thought were associated with the common man. The Thanksgiving Day Parade was first on the list.
ELAINE: Oh. Alright, I'll do the best I can. (Turns up the radio.)
DJ ON RADIO: Alright, here we go for the next spot under the balloon. If you know the name of this song, call 555-BAND. (The music starts. Elaine listens intently.)
MR. PITT (impatiently): Well, Elaine? Do you know it? What song is it?
ELAINE: Will you shut up? I can't hear!
MR. PITT: I'm sorry!
ELAINE: Oh! I've got it! It's "Next Stop Pottersville"! (Grabs the phone to call it in.)
MR. PITT (overjoyed): Goody! Yes! Yes! Yes! (Dances back and forth, elated) Next Stop Pottersville, Next Stop Pottersville! You are a genius!
[New scene - Jerry and George walking down the street toward George's new car.]
GEORGE: You are gonna love this car. Even if you don't like Jon Voight.
JERRY: I like Jon Voight. Just seems like kind've a strange reason to buy a car, because he might have driven it.
GEORGE: What do you mean "might"? You don't think he really owned this car?
JERRY: I don't know.
GEORGE: Well, why would the guy make up something like that? Of all the names he could pick, why settle on Jon Voight?
JERRY: Don't you see, that's the genius of it. If he had said Liam Neeson, you'd know he's making it up.
GEORGE: Neeson? How are you comparing Liam Neeson with Jon Voight? Jerry, we're talking about Joe Buck. If you can play Joe Buck, Oskar Schindler's a cake walk. (Opens the car door for Jerry, Jerry's about to get in.)
JERRY: Oh, look at this, I stepped in gum.
GEORGE: Whoa, whoa, you're not getting in my car with gummy shoes.
JERRY (shuts the car door): Alright, I'll change my shoes. (Heads back to his apartment. George follows.)
GEORGE (unimpressed): Liam Neeson. You know, he's not American.
(Cut to Jerry and George coming back to Jerry's apartment. Jerry tosses his gummy sneakers on the floor.)
JERRY: Let me get a clean pair. (Goes into his room. George strides over to the window.)
GEORGE (singing): Everybody's talkin' at me...I can't hear a word they're sayin'...just drivin' around in Jon Voight's car...
JERRY (yelling from his room): Kramer! (We hear Kramer's door slam open and shut. Kramer enters. Jerry comes out of his room.) Hey! Where's all my sneakers?
KRAMER: You said take 'em.
JERRY: Not all of 'em!
KRAMER: Well, obviously there was a miscommunication.
JERRY: Obviously. So what am I supposed to wear?
KRAMER: Jerry, I left you a pair right here...(goes into Jerry's room and comes out with a pair of cowboy boots.) C'mon. There, put on those boots.
JERRY: I can't wear these!
KRAMER: Well, why not?
JERRY: They're uncomfortable.
KRAMER: C'mon here, try 'em on. (Jerry sits down and puts the boots on.)
GEORGE: Where did you get those?
JERRY: I worked a club in Dallas one time and they couldn't afford to pay me so they gave me these. Oh, I can't wear these! (Stands up.) They look ridiculous!
KRAMER: Ah, you look like a cowboy! Huh?
JERRY: But I don't wanna be a cowboy!
KRAMER: Oh, stop it. You know that friend of yours, Tim the dentist? I got an invitation to his Thanksgiving Eve party.
GEORGE: Yeah, I got one too.
KRAMER: Yeah?
JERRY: Oh yeah? Huh.
GEORGE: What?
JERRY: No, nothing.
GEORGE: No, what is it?
JERRY: No, it's just that I, uh...didn't get one.
GEORGE: You didn't get one?
JERRY: Ah, but he called me up and he asked for yours and Elaine's addresses, I'm sure that means I'm invited.
KRAMER: Not necessarily.
JERRY: Hey, why would you call someone up and ask them for two addresses if you're not invited to the party?
GEORGE (mocking Jerry): That's the genius of it.
JERRY (picks up the phone): I'm callin' Elaine. See if she can find out anything from Tim Whatley.
GEORGE (to Kramer): Hey. I got Jon Voight's LeBaron. (Jingles the keys.)
KRAMER (impressed): Boss!
[New scene - Mom and Pop talking to the electrician about the faulty wiring in the ceiling of the shop.]
POP: Four thousand dollars? We can't afford that!
ELECTRICIAN: Well I'm afraid you're gonna have to do something about it, because it's in violation of the building code. Otherwise, they're gonna close you up.
POP: But what if we can't pay for it?
ELECTRICIAN: Then I have to report you. Otherwise, I lose my license. Sorry. (Exits.)
POP: 48 years, Mom! And now we have to close! All because of that idiot and his bloody nose! (Kramer enters.)
KRAMER: Afternoon, Mom! Afternoon, Pop. You know you got a crack in the sidewalk out there? Now, you oughta get that fixed.
(Pop glares at Kramer angrily.)
[New scene - George and Jerry driving along in John Voight's car. George is humming the tune to "Everybody's Talkin.'"]
GEORGE: So?
JERRY: C'mon, put the top up, it's November!
GEORGE: I feel alive, Jerry.
JERRY: Let's check out the glove box. (Opens the glove compartment, takes out a pencil.) Ah. Pencil.
GEORGE: Hey...you don't think...sure, that's Jon Voight's pencil!
JERRY: With Jon Voight's teeth marks. (Looks at the owner's manual.) Owner's manual...you know what? This car was owned by Jon Voight.
GEORGE: Ah! See? I told ya.
JERRY: Except Jon is spelled with an H. J-O-H-N.
GEORGE: So?
JERRY: Doesn't Jon Voight spell his name J-O-N?
GEORGE (pulls over): So, what are you saying?
JERRY: Nothing. I'm sure "Jon" probably mispelled his own name. I know sometimes I spell Jerry with a G...and an I! (Laughs uproariously.)
GEORGE (angrily): Get out of the car!
JERRY: What?
GEORGE: That's right, you heard me. Get out! You are ruining this whole experience for me!
JERRY (sarcastically): Oh, look! There's Gregory Peck's bicycle!
GEORGE: Get out!
JERRY: And Barbara Mandrell's skateboard!
GEORGE: Get out!! (Jerry gets out and George drives away. A couple of guys notice Jerry in his cowboy boots.)
TOUGH GUY (threatingly): Hey, cowboy. Where's your horse? (Jerry slips and slides in his cowboy boots and runs away.) Yeah, you better run!
[New scene - Jerry, George and Elaine at Jerry's apartment.]
GEORGE: Did they take anything?
JERRY: No, they didn't even touch me. I tripped because of these stupid cowboy boots.
GEORGE: Anyway, again, I'm sorry about throwing you out of the car.
JERRY: You really seemed to enjoy it.
GEORGE: It was kinda fun. (Elaine gives Jerry a cold cloth for his jaw.) You know, maybe his name really is J-O-H-N, but he changed it to J-O-N for show business. Well, you know, J-O-N is a lot zippier.
JERRY (sarcastic): Yeah, that's possible.
GEORGE: How would you find out something like that...wait a minute, what am I thinking? I've got the entire Yankee organization at my disposal.
JERRY (to Elaine): He'll dispose of it.
GEORGE: Heh, that's right. See ya later. (Exits.)
ELAINE: So Jerome, I did a little snooping around for you.
JERRY: Ah! What'd you find out, Lois?
ELAINE: Well, I talked to Tim Whatley...
JERRY: Yeah...
ELAINE: And I asked him, "Should Jerry bring anything?"
JERRY: So...?
ELAINE: Mmmm...and he said, "Why would Jerry bring anything?"
JERRY: Alright, but let me ask you this question.
ELAINE: What?
JERRY: Which word did he emphasize? Did he say, "Why would Jerry bring anything?" or, "Why would Jerry bring anything?" You emphasize "Jerry" or "bring."
ELAINE: I think he emphasized "would."
JERRY: You know what? The hell with this party, I don't even want to go to begin with. (Kramer enters.)
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Hey, so where's my sneakers?
KRAMER: That's what I wanna know.
JERRY: What do you mean?
KRAMER: Well, I saw Mom and Pop this morning, but when I went by the store on my way home? The place was empty. Everything is gone. Mom and Pop - vrooop - vanished.
JERRY: So all my sneakers are gone?
KRAMER: I'm afraid so. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. I've been asking around - they didn't even have any kids.
JERRY: Mom and Pop aren't even a Mom and Pop?!
KRAMER: It was all an act, Jerry. They conned us, and they scored, big time.
ELAINE (amused): So. Mom and Pop's plan was to move into the neighborhood...establish trust...for 48 years. And then, run off with Jerry's sneakers.
KRAMER: Apparently.
ELAINE: Alright, that's enough of this.
JERRY: Where ya goin'?
ELAINE: I gotta go to the Dixieland Deli to pick up Mr. Pitt's security pass for the parade.
JERRY: Why does he want to hold a rope underneath Woody Woodpecker in the Thanksgiving Day Parade?
ELAINE: He finds his laugh "intoxicating." (Laughs like Woody Woodpecker, and exits.)
[New scene - George in a meeting at Yankee stadium.]
MR. MORGAN: So George, what kind of promotional events are we talking about?
GEORGE: Well, I think we need more special days at the stadium, you know? Like, uh...Joe Pepitone Day. Or, uh...Jon Voight Day.
MR. MORGAN: Jon Voight? The actor? (Rubs his eyes wearily.) Uh, I make a motion that we have no more of these meetings that have been initiated by George Costanza.
GEORGE: I suppose if I had suggested Liam Neeson Day, you'd all be patting me on the back.
[New scene - Elaine at the Dixieland Deli, seated at a table with the other contest winners.]
CONTEST WINNER (to Elaine): I guessed Stan Herman's "Boomtown Blues." What'd you guess?
ELAINE: Um, it was, uh..."Next Stop Pottersville." (The group is unimpressed.) Uh, do you know when they're giving out the passes?
CONTEST WINNER: After the music. (The band starts playing directly behind Elaine. She is deafened by the loudness of the horns.)
[New scene - Kramer walking down the street. His nose starts to bleed.]
KRAMER: Oh. Oh man. (Takes out a Kleenex and puts his head back. Jon Voight comes out of a doorway and hails a cab.)
VOIGHT: Taxi! (Walks right by Kramer.) Taxi.
KRAMER: Hey! Jon Voight! Jon Voight! (Voight waves at Kramer and hurriedly gets in the cab. Kramer runs over to the car.) Hey, listen, can I ask you something? Listen, listen...(Leans in the the open back window of the cab. Defensively, Voight grabs Kramer's arm and bites it. Kramer screams. The cab speeds off leaving Kramer in the street, stunned.)
[New scene - Jerry and George in Jerry's apartment.]
JERRY: No Jon Voight Day, huh?
GEORGE: No. Now I'll always have this doubt about the car. What, your jaw still hurts?
JERRY: Yeah, it's all swollen. I think I may have chipped a tooth when I fell yesterday.
GEORGE: You should have somebody take a look at that.
JERRY: I'm calling dentists all day here, there's nobody working the day before Thanksgiving.
GEORGE: You going to the party?
JERRY: No, I don't know if I'm invited.
GEORGE: Well, there's going to be a lot of dentists there.
JERRY: Yeah, you're right.
GEORGE: You don't want to suffer with this all weekend.
JERRY: Yeah, I gotta see a dentist, this is killin' me. Well, I'll take a chance. We'll go together.
GEORGE: Maybe I'll just meet you there.
JERRY: You don't want to go with me?
GEORGE: Jerry, for all I know this guy went out of his way to not invite you. How am I gonna feel if I show up with an uninvited, unwelcome intruder?
JERRY: The way I feel when I go places with you? (Kramer enters.) Hey, so'd you find my sneakers yet?
KRAMER: No. (To George) But I did run into somebody you might be interested in, a Mr. Jon Voight, the actor?
GEORGE: Jon Voight! Are you kiddin' me? Did you talk to him?
KRAMER: Well, he was a little standoffish.
GEORGE: What, you didn't ask him about the car?
KRAMER: No, I couldn't, his cab pulled away. But he did, however, make an impression on me. (Pulls up his sleeve and shows George his arm.) Look.
JERRY: What?
KRAMER: His tooth marks. He bit me.
GEORGE: Jon Voight bit you?
JERRY: Well, what is he, a vampire?
KRAMER: No, it's justifiable. He thought I was going for his wallet.
GEORGE (looking at Kramer's arm): He left perfect imprints.
KRAMER: That he did. Now, you got that pencil with the bite marks on it? We get a trained eye to match 'em up, and we'll see whether or not you're driving Jon Voight's car!
JERRY: Oh, please.
GEORGE: Wait a minute, wait, it's not that stupid.
JERRY: No, it's stupid.
GEORGE: Why? Why isn't it possible? I mean, they're both bite marks.
JERRY: So you're gonna show up at that party with a chewed-up pencil and Kramer's gnarled arm.
GEORGE: It's worth a shot. (Goes to the door.)
JERRY: So, Kramer, you wanna go to the party together?
KRAMER: Jerry, look, come on, I'm an invited guest. I can't be aiding and abetting some...party-crasher.
[New scene - Tim Whatley's party. Jerry peeks his head around the corner, then slowly moves through the crowd, covering his face to keep a low profile.]
JERRY (under his breath, to a man at the party): Excuse me, uh...dentist? You a dentist? (The guy shakes his head. Jerry moves on to another guy.) Dentist? Are you a dentist?
Cut to George and Kramer looking at the parade out the window.
GEORGE: These are the balloons? Big deal, all I see is Woody Woodpecker.
KRAMER: You got a problem with Woody Woodpecker?
GEORGE: Yeah, what is he? Some sort of an instigator?
KRAMER: That's right. He's a troublemaker.
(Elaine enters the party with a trophy under her arm, and runs into Jerry.)
JERRY: Hey, Elaine. Did you get my message?
ELAINE: What? I can't hear a word you're saying. I was stuck at the Dixieland Deli all day. My head is still ringing. Where's Tim?
JERRY (pointing at the trophy): What is that, the Empire State Building?
ELAINE: What? I can't hear you.
JERRY: Elaine, would you marry me?
ELAINE: I told you, I can't hear a word.
JERRY: Alright. Forget it.
(Tim gets up from the couch and meets George and Kramer.)
GEORGE: Hey, Tim.
TIM: Hey, George. Kramer, how ya doin.' (They shake hands.)
GEORGE: Watch the arm! Tim, listen, we don't want to bother you, we know you're busy here.
TIM: No, it's no problem, what is it?
GEORGE: Let me show you something, take a look at this... (Another guy at the party interrupts.)
GUY: Alright Tim, I'm gonna get goin.'
TIM: Alright, let me take down your number. (Grabs George's pencil, then notices Jerry sitting on the couch.) Is that Jerry Seinfeld?
KRAMER: He didn't come with us. (Tim walks over to Jerry.)
GEORGE: Uh, Tim, the pencil...
TIM: Jerry.
JERRY: Hey, Tim.
TIM: Jerry. I didn't think you'd show.
JERRY: Did you say, "Jerry, I didn't think you'd show" or, "Jerry, I didn't think you'd show"? (Elaine comes over.)
TIM: Elaine! Hi!
ELAINE: Tim.
TIM: Well. I'm really glad you came.
ELAINE: What?
TIM: Really glad you came.
ELAINE (deaf): Uh huh.
TIM (picks up a bowl of nuts): Listen, Elaine, I've been wanting to ask you...would you like to go out with me New Years Eve? (Elaine thinks Tim is offering her a nut, and shakes her head no. Tim, rejected, walks away.) Thanks.
ELAINE (puzzled): What? What?
(Cut to George and Kramer talking to another dentist at the party.)
GEORGE: Let me ask you something. Could you tell if teeth marks on someone's arm matched teeth marks on a pencil?
DENTIST: It's possible.
GEORGE (to Kramer): Roll up your sleeve.
DENTIST: Somebody bit you?
KRAMER: Not just someone. Jon Voight.
DENTIST: Jon Voight bit you? (George notices Tim across the room with the pencil in his mouth.) The pencil! Hey, hey! Get the pencil out of your mouth, you're destroying Jon Voight's teeth marks!
TIM: That's John Voight's pencil?
GEORGE: That's right. I got his whole car downstairs.
TIM: Are you the one who bought his LeBaron convertible?
GEORGE (overjoyed to find out): Yes! Yes, I'm the one! Hey! So, you know Jon Voight!
TIM: Yes! Yes, I went to dental school with him.
GEORGE: Jon Voight, the actor?
TIM: No. The periodontist. (George snaps the pencil in two.)
(Cut to Jerry by the window, getting one of the dentists at the party to look at his chipped tooth.)
DENTIST: Can't this wait until Monday? Come by my office.
JERRY: Just a quick peek. I'm in agony.
DENTIST: Alright. Sit down.
JERRY (sits down): It's this one here in the back. (Tilts his head back, and knocks Elaine's trophy out the window. A loud hissing sound and commotion is heard from the street below. Everyone runs to the windows to look.)
KRAMER: Oh! You popped Woody Woodpecker!
TIM (to Jerry): Hey, who invited you, anyway? You're a troublemaker! (Jerry nervously laughs like Woody Woodpecker as the breeze from the popped balloon blows in the window.)
[New scene - Jerry and Kramer in Jerry's apartment, watching the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade on TV.]
ANNOUNCER ON TV: Hey, it looks like Woody Woodpecker is running out of air. In fact, he's collapsing.
KRAMER: Those kids look pretty disappointed.
JERRY: Especially that big kid up in the front. (Mr. Pitt is shown on the television, trying to hold up the deflating Woody balloon.) How old is he? (The phone rings.) Hello?
GUY ON PHONE: Hello, is this Jerry Seinfeld?
JERRY: Yes it is.
GUY ON PHONE: You don't know me, but a really strange thing happened. I was at a garage sale, and this old couple sold me a used pair of sneakers they claimed belonged to Jerry Seinfeld, the comedian.
JERRY: Can I have the address of that garage sale? Okay, thank you very much. (To Kramer) I found Mom and Pop, they're sellin' my sneakers!
KRAMER: Where are they?
JERRY: Parsippany, New Jersey.
KRAMER: Let's go!
JERRY: My car's in the shop.
KRAMER: Well, how are we getting to Parsippany?
(Cut to Jerry and Kramer sitting in the back of a Trailways bus, en route to Parsippany. Kramer's nose starts to bleed again.)
KRAMER: Uh. Jerry. These nosebleeds are starting again.
JERRY (wipes Kramer's brow): Maybe we should get you to a hospital.
KRAMER (a la Ratso Rizzo in Midnight Cowboy): Hey, I ain't goin' to no Bellevue! Look at me, I'm fallin' apart here.
(Nilsson's "Everybody's Talkin'" begins to play as they continue on to Jersey, in a send-up of Midnight Cowboy that has to be seen to be appreciated.)
[Opening monologue]
I don't even know what, what is supposed to be attractive about fur? Why does a man want to see a woman in a fur? Men want women to shave their legs, shave their armpits, pluck their eyebrows and then before we go out, we dress them up like a bear. To me the only reason to wear fur, would be if you were trying to sneak up on another animal. Did you ever see those tribal hunters where they wear the fur and then they had the other animals, head on top of their head? You know I'm sure there's a moose looking at that going, "Yeah, that looks real good. Yeah, I'm gonna turn my back on this goof ball with the extra head. Because there's nothing fishy going on there. I'll just keep drinking from the stream. I've seen a lot of two-headed tigers with knees."
[Exterior of a Dry Cleaners -- then inside where Jerry and George are talking, Jerry is holding a few items, waiting to drop them off to be dry cleaned.]
GEORGE: Well I am actually going to have a secretary and I get to do the interview.
JERRY: That's incredible. Six months ago you were taking messages for your mother.
GEORGE: Yeah, and now someone's going to be taking messages for me.
JERRY: From your mother.
(George & Jerry turn and move closer to the counter as a few customers leave the store.)
JERRY: So this ah, woman you plan on hiring, is she going to be in the "Spokes model" category?
GEORGE: Sure. I could go the tomato route. But eh, I've given this a lot of thought Jerry. All that frustration. I'll never get any work done. So I'm doing a complete 360. I'm going for total efficiency and ability.
JERRY: That's a 180, George.
GEORGE: Whatever.
(Jerry turns and walks up to the counter. George wonders about the lobby area)
JERRY: Hi Willie.
WILLIE: Hey Jerry.
JERRY: I got this stuff and ah my mother's fur coat for storage.
WILLIE: What are you doing with it?
JERRY: Ah, she keeps it in my apartment for when she comes up from Florida.
DONNA: Hi.
JERRY: Hi.
WILLIE: Hey Jerry, you know my wife "Donna".
JERRY: Yeah, that's why I said "hi".
(Donna smiles and walks away)
WILLIE: Hey, nice jacket. (looking over the jacket)
JERRY: Thanks. It's Hounds-Tooth.
WILLIE: Whoa, this is a beauty. Great cut. It's probably very flattering.
JERRY: Oh yes, it really accentuates my bust line.
[Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza's office where he is interviewing an attractive applicant for his secretary job.]
APPLICANT: Well, I type about 90 words a minute. I'm completely well-versed in all IBM and Macintosh programs.
GEORGE: (looking over her resume) Well Miss Coggins you're ah, obviously qualified for the job. You've all the necessary skills and experience. But you're extremely attractive. you're gorgeous. I'm looking at you, I can't even remember my name. So ah, I'm afraid this is not going to work out (he crumples her resume into a ball) Thanks for coming in.
(the camera is now back on the applicant's seat, but another even more attractive woman is seated there)
GEORGE: You're luscious. You're ravishing. I would give up red meat just to get a glimpse of you in a bra. I'm terribly sorry. (both George and the attractive female applicant stand up as George reaches across the desk and shakes her hand for coming in)
(A very plain looking applicant now sits across from george)
ADE: As you can see my references are impeccable. I think I'd be a real asset here. My only concern is, I do take care of my mother. So will there be any late nights?
GEORGE: I can't imagine.
[Exterior shot of Jerry's apartment, then inside where Elaine is holding a garment bag and talking with Jerry.]
ELAINE: Ok, So Barney's is having this huge sale. I try this dress on -- (holds the garment bag out towards Jerry) -- Stunning. Stunning. I couldn't take my eyes off myself.
JERRY: Yeah.
ELAINE: OK, so then I put it on at home. It looks like I'm carrying twins.
JERRY: So you're saying, Store -- Hotsy-Totsy, Home-- Hotsy-Notsy.
ELAINE: Yeah exactly. Anyway I've got to go over there and return it.
JERRY: I thought we were going to the movies?
ELAINE: All right I'll try it on again. You tell me what you think. (she turns and goes into the bedroom to change clothes)
(George Enters)
GEORGE: Hey hey.
ELAINE: Hey George
GEORGE: Hey Elaine. (George hangs up his raincoat next to the door) I'm telling you Jerry, having a secretary is incredible. (George claps hands) I don't know why I didn't have one before.
JERRY: Because you didn't have a job?
GEORGE: Perhaps. (hehe) I walk in, everything is organized -- messages, appointments. And I can't tell you how proud I am of myself for going with Ade.
JERRY: A lesser man would have crumbled. They would have gone for the "dish" and the sure fire sexual-harassment suit.
(Elaine walks back into the living room, modeling the dress, arms extended straight out from her sides, elbows bent, with the look on her face that says, huh ... what do you think? -- She walks towards George and Jerry)
JERRY: It's a little ...
ELAINE: All Right! (throws arms down) You answered it right there.
JERRY: You got no waist in that thing.
GEORGE: You arms look like something hanging in a kosher deli.
ELAINE: I said, All Right.
GEORGE: Well wha'd you buy it for?
ELAINE: Why did I buy it, because in the mirror, at Barney's, I looked fabulous. This woman was just walking by said I looked like Demi (the "i" sounds like an "e") Moore in Indecent Proposal.
JERRY: How fast was she walking?
(Elaine heads for the bedroom to change out of the dress, turns and looks at Jerry)
GEORGE: Demi (the "i" sounds like an "e")? I thought it was Demi?
JERRY: No. I think it's Demi. (the "i" sounds like an "e")
GEORGE: Really? I never heard of a semi (the "i" sounds like an "e") tractor-trailer. (Jerry nods in agreement)
(Elaine walks back in, still in the dress)
ELAINE: Wait a minute (claps hands) Wait a minute. I know what's going on here. Skinny Mirrors! (she pushes George and Jerry in their respective chests, with her arms extended -- one arm for each of them -- they recoil with surprise)
JERRY: What?
ELAINE: Skinny Mirrors! Barney's has Skinny Mirrors, they make you look, like, 10 pounds lighter.
JERRY: Oh, you're crazy.
ELAINE: Am I? (hands on hips) Do you think I would have bought this dress if I looked like this at Barney's?
GEORGE: (to Jerry, as Jerry nods in agreement) You know I think she might have something there.
(Kramer enters, seeing Elaine -- his head and upper body lurches backwards)
KRAMER: Whoa. What are you all dressed up for?
ELAINE: Oh I'm returning this dress to Barney's.
KRAMER: Good idea.
JERRY: Do it tomorrow. Well go to the movies.
ELAINE: Yeah yeah, ok.
KRAMER: Hey look, if you're going there, maybe you could pick me up some of this super hydrating, it's a total-protection moisturizer with Uva.
ELAINE: Moisturizer? That's girls stuff.
KRAMER: No no, look. I'll tell you what -- they're having a sale right.
ELAINE: yeah.
KRAMER: I'll meetcha down there, well have lunch.
ELAINE: Well we could ...
KRAMER: Well, we'll get to know each other. We never get to spend any time together. Oh sure we have our little group here, but ... (he looks and gestures out towards George and Jerry, as Elaine walks back into the bedroom to change out of the dress -- Kramer scratches his head in sort of disbelief)
[Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium, then to George Costanza's office, he stands in front of a wall calendar, as Ade, his new secretary takes down notes as to what George is saying.]
GEORGE: And then assuming the strike is resolved, on April 14th, we, ah, play the Angels. So let's clear a floor at the Anaheim Hotel.
ADE: Anaheim Hotel. (George picks up a container of chinese food from the credenza) You may want to reconsider. I believe they only have room service until 10 P.M. and then it's only finger foods.
GEORGE: Ade, you're a wonder. (he he -- george laughs)
ADE: OK, now I projected some of those figures for you regarding the switch to Canola oil for the stadium popcorn and surprisingly it will only come to 1/2 a cent more per bag, so it is definitely doable.
GEORGE: Ade, I have to tell you, I, I have never met anybody so ... efficient.
ADE: Well thank you, I'm flattered.
GEORGE: I mean you're just, you're just a marvel of organization.
ADE: Well I'm just, hm, doing my job.
GEORGE: It's like I'm thinking of something, and you're (snaps fingers) one step ahead of me.
ADE: What can I say? I'm ... I'm good at what I do. (smiling and quietly laughing proudly)
GEORGE: (coyly, he looks down and runs his finger along the top of the chair back in front of him) Do you, uh ... do you know what I'm ... thinking about now?
ADE: (thinking about the question, she stops writing) Yes, I think I do. (she turns her head slowly and looks directly at him)
GEORGE: Is it, uh, doable?
ADE: It's definitely doable.
(Ade throws her note pad and pencil in to the air, along with her glasses. George grabs his glasses and takes them from his face and throws them on the couch as he and Ade embrace in a frantic kiss and slither down to the floor between the desk and the couch -- the camera cannot see them on the floor)
[Outside a movie theater (The Paragon) Jerry and Elaine have exited the theater and are walking slowly and then stop to talk, as other movie goers leave the theater behind them - in the background, there is a line of people waiting to buy tickets for the next show.]
JERRY: Well, that was the worst.
ELAINE: I can't believe they made the Wife the killer. (putting on gloves) Gimme a break.
MAN: (waiting in line for tickets, he overhears Elaine) Hey, give us a break. We haven't seen it yet. Thanks a lot big mouth!
Another man: (waiting in line, closer to the box office) Yeah! (in agreement with the other guy)
(Kramer rushes up to Elaine and Jerry)
KRAMER: You got a pen?
JERRY: Yeah, I think I do.
KRAMER: And I need something to write on.
JERRY: Well, all I got is my dry-cleaning stub.
KRAMER: I gust met Uma Therman. She's giving me her telephone number. Uma Jerry, Uma.
JERRY: Uma Therman? Really?
KRAMER: Yeah.
ELAINE: How'd you manage that.
KRAMER: Yeah well I don't have any time to talk now. (he rushes back into the theater)
JERRY: He's got the Kavorca. (looking towards the theater door, Jerry notices one of the movie goers) Hey, isn't that Willie, my dry-cleaner?
ELAINE: Where?
JERRY: He just went in. You know, I think he was wearing my Hounds-Tooth jacket.
ELAINE: What would he be doing wearing your jacket?
JERRY: It looked just like the jacket I brought in to be dry-cleaned. He complimented me on it.
ELAINE: Are you sure?
(Kramer walks up, smiling gleefully)
KRAMER: I got it. Uma, Uma, Uma. (looking at the ticket)
ELAINE: You are amazing.
KRAMER: Yeah, all right. Taxi's on me. (he walks off camera)
[Exterior shot of Yankee Stadium at dusk and then to George Costanza's office. (moaning) George and Ade are struggling to kneel and undress while kissing.]
ADE: Ah no no no no no. A better way to reach the bra would be to undo the jacket, then go around the back of the shirt.
GEORGE: Ade you are incredible
(as he unbuttons her jacket, they fall to the floor again -- the camera cannot see them between the desk and the couch -- we see over George's desk, keyboard, manila folders and then we see Ade's shoe in the air above the desk)
ADE: Oh ...oh ...oh ... Here, I want to show you something. Hand me that pillow.
(we see George's head and arm above the desk ridge, he grabs a pillow from the couch and hands it to Ade. Her arm pulls him back down to her on the ground)
GEORGE: What? Oh, My God!
ADE: Mr. CO STAN ZA!
GEORGE: Ade, ahh, ahh, ah ... I'm giving you a raise!
[Exterior shot of the restaurant (Monks) then inside. George and Jerry are sitting in the normal booth.]
JERRY: So you're having sex and then all of a sudden, you just blurt out "I'm giving you a raise."
GEORGE: Yeah.
JERRY: Just a quick sidebar here -- are you in anyway authorized to give raises?
GEORGE: Not that I'm aware of, no.
JERRY: So you're so grateful to have sex, that you'll just shout out anything that comes into your head.
GEORGE: I didn't think ahead.
JERRY: Well maybe she'll just think it was bawdy talk.
GEORGE: I didn't say any other bawdy things.
JERRY: Maybe you could have sex with her again and then take it back.
GEORGE: All right, you know you're not any help at all here. I don't know what even the point is of talking to you anymore.
(they stand up from their seats at the booth)
JERRY: All right, all right. I'm sorry.
GEORGE: Yeah, well, I guess the only thing I can do is go into George Steinbrenner's office and tell him he has to give her a raise.
JERRY: How long has she been there?
GEORGE: 3 days.
JERRY: It's almost a week.
(Jerry picks up several items of clothing from the booth, in their dry-cleaning bags -- He is wearing his Hounds-Tooth jacket. George and Jerry walk over to the cash register to pay for lunch. At the register, Jerry reaches into his Hounds-Tooth jacket pocket, he pulls out a movie stub)
JERRY: Oh, My god.
GEORGE: What?
JERRY: It's a movie stub from the 9:30 show. George, I think Willie the dry-cleaner has been wearing my clothes.
[Exterior shot of Barney's department store, street scene with store windows. Then inside to Elaine, Kramer and the Barney's sales associate -- they stand in the women's clothing dept. (Zelda is the name of the clothing line on the wall), outside of the dressing room area. Elaine is wearing the dress she plans on returning.]
ELAINE: These mirrors are skinny mirrors. This is false ... reflecting. And I think, that the department of ... you know, whatever, would be very interested to know what's going on here.
BARNEY'S SALES ASSOCIATE: Well, we're more than happy to exchange it for something else.
ELAINE: OK fine. (smiling) I did like that little Calvin Klein number right by the elevator. You know the little ... (motions in the direction of the elevator)
BARNEY'S SALES ASSOCIATE: I'll bring it to your dressing room.
ELAINE: Ok thanks so much. (the Barney's sales associate turns and walks away. Elaine turns to Kramer as he admires himself in the mirror) What are you all dressed up for?
KRAMER: Well Elaine, when you're shopping on Madison Avenue, you don't want to skip on the, swank.
ELAINE: I like your little bag.
KRAMER: Huh, oh hey, look at this. (he pulls a little tube out of the bag) It's the super hydrating, triple-action moisturizer, hmm.
ELAINE: Huh.
(Kramer opens the moisturizer and squeezes some onto his palm)
KRAMER: Wait till that Uma smells this Uva.
(Elaine walks away into the dressing from area. Kenny Bania enters the clothing dept.)
BANIA: Hey Kramer.
KRAMER: Hey Bania, what's happening? (Kramer, looking into the mirror, is putting moisturizer under his eyes)
BANIA: I'm looking for a new suit. I can't find anything I like. That's a nice suit. (admiring Kramer's suit)
KRAMER: Well, thank you.
BANIA: Did you get that here?
KRAMER: No, this is vintage. They don't make this stuff anymore.
BANIA: You're telling me.
KRAMER: I sure am.
BANIA: It's hard for me to find pants that --
KRAMER: (interrupting Bania) That don't make you look high-waisted.
BANIA: Yes
KRAMER: Me too.
BANIA: What size are you?
KRAMER: Uh, 42.
BANIA: 42, That's what I am now. I've been working out, I'm huge. How'd you like to sell it?
KRAMER: make me an offer.
BANIA: 100 Bucks
KRAMER: Surely you jest. (walks away from Bania)
BANIA: 175
KRAMER: Look at the stitching (takes the jacket off to show Bania) This is old world craftsmanship.
BANIA: 300 dollars.
KRAMER: Sold. Follow me into the dressing room.
BANIA: You throw the shirt in?
KRAMER: Bania, you're killing me.
BANIA: Hey that's the women's dressing room.
KRAMER: There's nothing in there that I haven't seen before.
[Daylight exterior shot of Yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner's office. The camera is behind Steinbrenner, looking towards the door.]
GEORGE: (Opens the door, looks in and then knocks 5 times) Mr. Steinbrenner, (waves) can I talk to you for a second?
STEINBRENNER: Yes yes George. Can you talk to me for a second? Of course you can -- I'm a very accessible man. I just wanted to say you're doing great work on that Canola oil stuff.
GEORGE: Well, you know, to be honest sir -- my, my new secretary Ade, came up with that one.
STEINBRENNER: Ade, Ade, I like that name George.
GEORGE: She supports her whole family. (walking slowly into the room)
STEINBRENNER: Is that a fact George?
GEORGE: Yes, In fact, her mother is in the hospital right now. It's some kind of a Diverticulitis. (he continues walking slowly towards Steinbrenner's desk)
STEINBRENNER: I had a bout of that myself one time -- knocked me right on my ass.
GEORGE: She can't even afford to go out to lunch. She's been eating in a high school cafeterias She pretends to be a teacher. It's pathetic.
STEINBRENNER: What's that cost her, like, two and a quarter? ($2.25)
GEORGE: You know what I was just thinking -- she could really use a raise.
(Telephone rings -- Steinbrenner reaches for the receiver)
STEINBRENNER: You know, she'd be better off making a sandwich at home and bringing it in. (picks up the telephone hand set) Hello, ah, George will you excuse me.
[Daylight exterior shot of Barney's department store windows, with traffic driving by -- then to Elaine in the dressing room -- she is almost done dressing in the Calvin Klein dress. Kramer climbs up the wall of his dressing room adjacent to Elaine's -- we see his head, top of his bare chest, arm and both hands over the top of Elaine's' dressing room wall -- he is looking down at her.]
KRAMER: Psst. Hey.
(Elaine is startled and tries to cover her top, which is mostly covered from the dress she is putting on)
ELAINE: Kramer, what are you doing here?
KRAMER: Listen, I need you to get me some clothes.
ELAINE: What?
KRAMER: Yeah, I just sold my suit to Bania for a cool three-hundred.
ELAINE: So go buy a new one.
KRAMER: What, at this place? It would destroy my whole profit margin.
ELAINE: So.
KRAMER: Listen do me a favor -- just call Jerry, tell him to bring me some clothes.
ELAINE: Ouhhh (Kramer disappears back behind his wall as Elaine opens the dressing room door)
[Exterior shot of the Dry Cleaners store front, then to the interior -- Jerry enters as a female customer is leaving the counter with her dry-cleaning.]
JERRY: Hello, Willie.
WILLIE: Hey, Jerry. You dropping off?
JERRY: No, but ah, seen any good movies lately?
WILLIE: You came by to ask that?
JERRY: Yeah. Specifically 9:30 shows. Seen any good 9:30 shows at the Paragon, Willie?
WILLIE: What are you gettin at?
JERRY: I saw you the other night stepping out with my Hounds-Tooth jacket.
WILLIE: Jerry that's a breach of the dry-cleaner's code.
JERRY: You need a code to tell you not to wear peoples' clothes
WILLIE: I wasn't wearing your jacket. Jerry you're imagining things. (he makes the circular motion next to his ears - the international symbol for "insane")
JERRY: Yeahhh, am I imagining this? (he whips out the movie stub and holds it up to Willie) Found this little cutie in the pocket. (throws the stub on the counter)
WILLIE: Jerry.
JERRY: Yeah, Yeah. Well, now that we understand each other -- I'll be taking my business elsewhere. And I want my mother's fur coat back too.
WILLIE: Jerry, come on.
JERRY: Now.
WILLIE: Now? (Willie looks off with his eyes to his left -- he is thinking about his wife Donna)
(Shot of Donna wearing the fur coat, standing at a hot dog stand, eating a hot dog)
JERRY: Yeah. I want that coat. (Jerry opens his wallet, looking for the dry-cleaning ticket)
WILLIE: Well ... ahh. (apprehensively)
JERRY: Where's that ticket? Oh, Kramer.
WILLIE: Wait, you, you mean to tell me you don't have a ticket for the coat?
JERRY: No, not on me.
WILLIE: Well, I, I need to see that ticket.
JERRY: Why? I've got my cleaning before without a ticket.
WILLIE: Yeah, but this is different. Those fur storage warehouses are huge. You can't, get anything without a number.
JERRY: All right, I'll be back.
[Elaine inside Barney's, she stands in front of a full length mirror. The sales associate behind her, giving advice on the dress.]
ELAINE: Yeah it looks good here, but what does that mean?
BARNEY'S SALES ASSOCIATE: So, uh, do you want it?
ELAINE: I don't know, I have to think about it. (the sales associate walks away) I need a nonpartisan mirror.
(Elaine looks around, like she is trying not to be noticed and walks out of the clothing dept.)
[Daytime exterior of Yankee Stadium, then inside to George Costanza's office.]
ADE: I can't thank you enough, Mr. Costanza. I'm so grateful
GEORGE: Yes, well, I sat down with Mr. Steinbrenner. I told him you have been doing great work. I said that you deserved a raise, and if you didn't get it, that I, was leaving. (motions with both arms in a circular motion to his right)
ADE: It was just so generous.
GEORGE: Oh, well, don't worry about it -- he's got plenty of money. (spins his chair away from her)
ADE: Oh I know, but Twenty Five Thousand.
GEORGE: (spins his chair back to face her) So you got a $25,000 a year raise.
ADE: Yes, I tell you, Mr. Steinbrenner...
GEORGE: You're making more than I am.
ADE: I am?
GEORGE: What are you doing? You're making more than I am. A secretary cannot make more than her boss.
ADE: Well apparently they can.
[Elaine, in the Calvin Klein dress, is walking outside along the sidewalk, snow along the curb and store fronts -- It's obvious she is cold without a coat. She checks out her reflection in a florist's window, then stops at the Love, Health & Beauty Aids store, where the reflection is more like a mirror in the alcove of the store.]
ELAINE: Oh, this is insanity. I'm not this hippie. (meaning her hips are not that large)
(a man exits the store)
ELAINE: Hey, what do you think of this?
MAN: (with disbelief): You'll never pull it off.
[Barney's Department store, inside the dressing room area, a customer knocks on the door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry.]
FEMALE CUSTOMER: Hey, what's going on in there?
(Jerry enters the women's clothing dept.)
JERRY: (to the Barney's sales associate) Excuse me, could you tell me where I could find, like, women's moisturizer lotions?
(Female customer walks up to the Barney's sales associate that Jerry was just talking to)
FEMALE CUSTOMER: This woman has been in there for over an hour.
(The Barney's sales associate walks into the dressing room area and up to the dressing room door where Kramer is waiting for Jerry)
BARNEY'S SALES ASSOCIATE: Excuse me Miss., Is everything ok in there?
KRAMER: [Yeah] (through the door)
(Jerry hears Kramer and walks into the dressing room door)
JERRY: Kramer?
KRAMER: Oh, Jerry, you got my clothes?
JERRY: What clothes?
KRAMER: Didn't Elaine call you?
JERRY: No.
KRAMER: Well what are you doing here?
JERRY: What am I doing here? You're in the women's dressing room. I need that ticket stub back so I can get my mother's fur coat out.
KRAMER: Oh, the stub, yeah. I left it in my, my pants
JERRY: Where are your pants?
KRAMER: Well, I sold them to Bania.
JERRY: What? You sold your pants to Bania. Let me in.
(Kramer opens the door, Jerry goes in the dressing room. Kramer is standing there in his white boxer shorts and no shirt)
JERRY: Why'd you sell your pants to Bania?
KRAMER: ouhhh -- I had Uma Therman's number written on that stub. I lost Uma's number.
JERRY: Where are your clothes?
KRAMER: I told you I sold them to Bania.
JERRY: You mean what you were wearing?
KRAMER: Yeah.
JERRY: How'd you expect to get out of here?
KRAMER: Well, I didn't think ahead.
(Elaine reenters the Barney's clothing dept., rubbing her arms because he is cold. The sales associate is also coming back from the dressing rooms. Elaine sees her, and quickly stands next to the register counter and tries to act like she has been there for a while.)
ELAINE: This isn't going to work for me ... so if you could show me something else.
BARNEY'S SALES ASSOCIATE: No.
ELAINE: No?
BARNEY'S SALES ASSOCIATE: No, because you're taking that one.
ELAINE: I am?
BARNEY'S SALES ASSOCIATE: Yes. Because you wore it out of the store.
ELAINE: Ha! That's preposterous.
BARNEY'S SALES ASSOCIATE: I suppose that salt stain came from all the snow in the store.
(Elaine looks down and gathers the dress at the salt stain)
BARNEY'S SALES ASSOCIATE: Shall I wrap it or will you wear it out?
ELAINE: No. You can wrap it. (Dejected. Elaine puts her head down and her hand to her forehead as she walks into the dressing room area) Kramer, are you still in there?
JERRY: [Elaine]
ELAINE: Jerry?
(Bania enters the dressing room area)
BANIA: Elaine, where's Kramer?
KRAMER: Bania?
BANIA: Kramer.
JERRY: I'm going out. (he comes out of the dressing room, while Kramer remains inside)
BANIA: Jerry.
JERRY: Bania.
BANIA: Kramer, I want my money back for this suit. You're nancy-boy cream leaked all over the pockets -- Suits ruined.
KRAMER: Well you're not getting any money back. (Kramer opens the door) Jerry, come back in here.
JERRY: (to Bania) Excuse me. (he goes back in the dressing room)
KRAMER: Uma's number is on that ticket.
JERRY: Never mind Uma, I need that ticket to get my mother's fur coat back. Why don't you just give him the money for the suit?
KRAMER: I'm not going to give him $300 now for a suit with moisturizer cream all over it.
JERRY: I got an idea.
KRAMER: What?
JERRY: I can't believe I'm gonna do this. (Jerry opens the door and exits the dressing room. He walks over to Bania)
JERRY: Bania can I talk to you for a second? How's everything going?
BANIA: Pretty good.
JERRY: Yeah, well, see the thing of it is, I'm in a bit of an awkward position here. Because, uhh, I don't want to get in between you two guys but ... I need a dry-cleaning ticket that's in the pocket of those pants.
BANIA: Well all you gotta do is tell Kramer to give me my money back, and you'll get your ticket.
JERRY: Yeah, yeah all right, well uh ... tell you what I will do Bania -- you give me the ticket, and uh, I will take you out for a nice dinner.
BANIA: Can we go back to Mendy's?
JERRY: You want to go to Mendy's, I'll take you to Mendy's.
BANIA: Twice? I wanna go twice.
JERRY: all right let's be reasonable, Bania. I'm taking you out for a nice dinner. All I want is a little ticket in that pocket. I think it's a pretty good deal.
BANIA: Two Mendy's.
JERRY: . . . All right (gritting teeth) Just give me the ticket.
BANIA: Here you go.
JERRY: Ohh ... (takes the ticket and heads for the dressing room)
[Exterior of yankee Stadium (Louisville Slugger) then to George Steinbrenner's office. George Costanza stands pleading his case.]
GEORGE: But Mr. Steinbrenner, how can I be expected to perform my job properly, knowing that my uh, subordinate is making more money than I am? With all due respect sir, it's outta whack.
STEINBRENNER: Uh huh, I understand what you're saying George and I know what it's like to be financially strapped. When I was a young man in Cleveland I use to hitchhike to work. One time I got picked up by a bakery truck. You think that stuff smells good? Try being cooped up in the back of one of those babies.
(George starts to back away from the desk)
STEINBRENNER: I couldn't look at a donut for the next two years. Well not that I was ever one for the sweets.
(George turning around, nodding and making hand gestures, walking slowly towards the door, his hand gestures get progressively wider eventually to full arms extended upwards)
STEINBRENNER: Sure I like a cup cake every now and then, like everybody else. You know I like it when they have a little cream on the inside, it's a surprise. That's good, plus the chocolate ones are good too. Sometimes I just can't even make up my mind. A lot of times I'll mix the two together, make a vanilla fudge.
[Jerry stands outside the Barney's dressing room door that Kramer is waiting in. Jerry quickly knocks on the door.]
JERRY: Let me in, it's me. (Kramer opens the door, Jerry goes in the dressing room) Here. You don't know what this is costing me. (hands Kramer the ticket)
KRAMER: (closes the door) All right, nice work. (he looks at the ticket, flips it over, and then over again) Where's Uma's number? The moisturizer smudged out the phone number.
JERRY: (Takes the ticket back and looks at it, flips it over) The dry-cleaning numbers are gone too.
KRAMER: (grabs the ticket back and holds it up to the light) It must have been the botanical extracts.
JERRY: (grabs the ticket back) Give me that.
(Jerry Opens the door and walks into the clothing dept., while Bania is walking towards the exit of the clothing dept.)
JERRY: Hey Bania, the dinners off. The ticket's no good. The numbers are all smudged out. (holds out the ticket and hands it to Bania)
BANIA: (looking at the ticket then quickly looks up at Jerry) You trying to get out of Mendy's? you can't do that.
JERRY: The ticket is worthless.
BANIA: You promised me.
(Jerry makes a smudged up face -- he knows he cannot get out of the deal. Bania turns and walks quickly out of the clothing department. Jerry sees a woman from the back walking into the dressing room area. She has a fur coat on and is carrying a few items over her arm to try on)
JERRY: Hey, Isn't that my mother's fur coat?
(Elaine stands at the register counter, now she wears her own clothes. The Calvin Klein dress rests across the counter -- she watches as Jerry follows the woman into the dressing room area. Jerry stands in front of the door where she went into, listens for a half second and then pushes the door open, as she has not had an opportunity to latch it yet -- It is Donna, the dry-cleaners wife -- she is stunned, startled and taken aback ...)
DONNA: No it's not. (the coat)
JERRY: It is! (Jerry walks forcefully into the dressing room and closes the door) Give me that back.
DONNA: No, what are you talking about.
(The camera pans down to the bottom of the dressing room door, so all you see is Jerry and Donna's scuffling feet and lower legs, as Jerry takes the coat from her.)
DONNA: Are you out of your mind? Don't you ... take your hands ...
JERRY: You can't have that coat, it's not yours.
(Donna opens the door -- the camera pans back up to eye level as she walks out, kind of indignant. She places her long purse strap over her Left shoulder)
JERRY: What do you think the dry-cleaner's is your own personal closet!
(Donna walks over to where Elaine is still standing at the register counter)
** Continuity Error -- as she walks up to Elaine, Donna is now holding her long purse strap in her right hand only, then switches it to her left hand and puts the strap over her left shoulder. The purse hangs below her left hip. She just had placed the long purse strap over her shoulder as she left the dressing room area walking away from Jerry. **
ELAINE: Donna, do you think you can get the salt stain out of this?
(Holding the bottom of the Calvin Klein dress out)
DONNA: Let me see. (Looking at the stain) Piece of cake. Bring it
in. (Holding the dress up by the hanger) What size is it?
ELAINE: (Tilts her head down, looking over her glasses in amazement of
Donna's question)
[The camera fades from the previous scene to the winter sidewalk outside.]
L-R Kramer, Elaine and Jerry walk silently in the cold. Above their heads in the background is a sign that reads "KalSigns" -- I believe this is an homage to Jerry's (real life) father that owned a sign company.
Kramer is wearing Jerry's mother's fur coat. It is obviously too small for his large frame -- the arms are way too short. The coat comes down to his mid thigh. He has no pants on. He wears shoes and white socks. He looks ridiculous, uncomfortable and cold.
Elaine is wearing a long winter overcoat, carrying her Calvin Klein dress in a garment bag over her left arm. Jerry has both hands in the pockets of his winter jacket he is wearing a scarf that he had on earlier in the store.
Kramer looks around as he walks along. He tries to button or close up the coat to the best of his ability, but nothing changes. As the scene ends, the fur coat opens slightly at the bottom and you can see his white boxer shorts (actually they look like jockey shorts, but earlier he had on boxers in the dressing room)
[The camera fades from the previous scene to an exterior shot of Mendy's Restaurant at dusk, then inside to Bania and Jerry dining at a table.]
BANIA: Mmm. This soup is great.
JERRY: Yeah, it's very good. (reluctantly)
BANIA: I told you Mendy's had the best pea soup. The best Jerry, the best. Are you enjoying it?
JERRY: Yeah. I'm having a wonderful time. (it's obvious he isn't)
BANIA: Wait till you try the swordfish. You know Jerry, I was thinking. For our next meal, do you think we should come here ... or should we go someplace else? You know it has it's pros and cons. On the one hand, here, you're guaranteed a great meal. On the other hand --
JERRY: (Interrupting Bania) Yeah, yeah I know. This would be good, but it would be the same. But if we go some place else, it would be different, but it might not be as good. It's a gamble. I get it.
BANIA: Yeah. Well, let's hurry up and eat I gotta get out of here. I'm meeting a woman for a drink.
JERRY: Oh, and who might that be?
BANIA: Some woman named Uma. I got her number off of that ticket before it was smudged. Hope she's good-looking. (crosses his fingers in the air)
[Closing Monologue]
JERRY: If you are a waitress and you ever see me in a restaurant, I'm telling you right now, I don't want to hear about the specials. I don't want to know about the specials. I'm sick of the specials. I hate the specials. My feeling is, if the specials were so special, they'd be on the menu. You know what's special about them? They don't know if anybody likes them. They always have these overly creative descriptions of the specials too, you know. The veil is lightly slapped, and then sequestered in a one-bedroom suite with a white wine intravenous.
[Opening Monologue]
The Christmas tree certainly seems to inspire a love/hate relationship. All that time is spent selecting it and decorating it, and then a week after it's just thrown somewhere, you see it by the side of the road, it looks like a mob hit. A car slows down, a door opens and this tree just rolls out. People snap out of that Christmas spirit like it was a drunken stupor, they just wake up one morning and go, "Oh my god, there's a tree inside the house! Just throw it anywhere!
[Lois's office]
JERRY: Ready to go Lois?
LOIS: You really like to say my name? Don't you?
JERRY: Excuse me Lois. Stand back Lois. Jimmy's in trouble Lois.
LOIS: Oh, Mr. Meyers this is my friend, Jerry.
DUNCAN: Jerry Seinfeld!
JERRY: Duncan Meyers!
LOIS: You two know each other?
DUNCAN: Yeah! We uh, went to High School together. Didn't we Jerry? Gee I hope you're not leaving now. We still have a lot of work left to do.
LOIS: Would you be able to come all the way downtown again in rush hour to pick me up?
JERRY: Well, I'd have to be Superman to do that Lois.
[Elaine's Apartment]
ELAINE: No, no This is all wrong. Where's the Chicken Cashew?
LEW: You no order Chicken Cashew.
ELAINE: I didn't order any of this. I'm not paying for this.
LEW: Fine Benes. We are putting you on our list.
ELAINE: What list?
LEW: The "do not deliver" list.
ELAINE: MERRY CHRISTMAS TO YOU! Well, I guess we'll just go out.
GEORGE: Yeah. What are you doing with the Daily Worker?
ELAINE: Ned must have left it here.
GEORGE: Your boyfriend reads the Daily Worker? What is he? A communist?
ELAINE: HE reads everything, you know, Ned's very well read.
GEORGE: Maybe he's just "very well RED"?
ELAINE: Communist? Don't you think he probably would have told me?
GEORGE: Well, does he wear bland, drab, olive colored clothing?
ELAINE: Yes, . . . yes he does dress a little drab.
GEORGE: Huh, he's a communist. . . . Look at this. "Exciting uninhibited woman seeks forward thinking comrade and appearance not important." . . . Appearance Not Important! This is unbelievable. Finally this is an ideology I can embrace.
(Jerry enters)
JERRY: Hi oh.
ELAINE & GEORGE: Hey.
ELAINE: Where's Lois?
JERRY: She couldn't make it.
GEORGE: I can't believe you're really going out with a woman named Lois.
JERRY: I know, finally. But George, guess who her boss is. Duncan Meyers.
GEORGE: Duncan Meyers?
ELAINE: Who's he?
JERRY: Elaine, only one other person in the world knows what I am about to tell you and that's George. When we were in the ninth grade they had us all line up at one end of the school yard for this big race to see who was going to represent the school in this track meet.
ELAINE: Uh uh
JERRY: I was the last one on the end. George was next to me. And Mr. Bevilacqua, the gym . . .
ELAINE: What's that?
JERRY: Mr. Bevilacqua, the gym teacher.
ELAINE: Oh, of course.
JERRY: He was down at the other end. So he yells out, "Ready, On your mark, Get set, " and I was so keyed up I just took off. By the time he said go I was ten yards ahead of everybody.
ELAINE: No.
GEORGE: I looked up. I couldn't believe it.
JERRY: By the time the race was over I had won. I was shocked nobody had noticed the head start.
ELAINE: Really?
JERRY: And I had won by so much a myth began to grow about my speed. Only Duncan suspected something was a miss. He's hated me ever since. Now he's back.
ELAINE: Well what happened when you raced him again?
JERRY: I never did. In four years of high school I would never race anyone again. Not even to the end of the block to catch a bus. And so the legend grew. Everyone wanted me to race. They begged me. The track coach called my parents. Pleading. Telling them it was a sin to waste my god given talent. But I answered him in the same way I answered everyone. I chose not to run.
ELAINE: So now Duncan is back?
JERRY: He's back. And I knew he would be someday. (drinks) Man that's some tart cider!
[In Jerry's Car - Lois gets in]
LOIS:Hi.
JERRY: Hi.
LOIS: Sorry I missed the Chinese food.
JERRY: Oh, so am I . Uh, how's Duncan?
LOIS: He's okay.
JERRY: He say anything?
LOIS: About what?
JERRY: Oh, nothing in particular.
LOIS: . . . Why did you cheat in that race?
JERRY: I did not cheat.
LOIS: He said that you got a head start.
JERRY: Oh, he's just jealous because he came in second.
LOIS: Really?
JERRY: Yes
LOIS: So you WERE the fastest kid in school.
JERRY: Faster than a speeding bullet Lois.
[Elaine's Apartment]
ELAINE: So how was work? Another day, another dollar?
NED: I guess.
ELAINE: Oh well nothing wrong with that. Gotta make those big bucks. . . . money money money money money money money . . . ha ha ha ha ah . . . are you a communist?
NED: Yes, as a matter of fact I am.
ELAINE: OH, AH! OH! WOW! WHOA! A COMMIE! Wow, gee, man it must be a bummer for you guys what with the fall of the soviet empire and everything .
NED: Yeah, well, we still got China, and Cuba,
ELAINE: Yeah, but come on . . .
NED: I know it's not the same.
ELAINE: Well, you had a good run, what was it 75, 80 years? Wreaking havoc, making everybody nervous.
NED: Yeah, we had a good run.
ELAINE: Well, so enjoy yourself. (clink glasses) ha ha uh ha
[Jerry's apartment]
GEORGE: So you lied to her?
JERRY: I couldn't tell her the truth. I don't know what's going to happen between us. What if we have a bad breakup. She'll go straight to Duncan. And I want him to go to his grave never being certain I got that
head start.
(Elaine enters)
ELAINE: Well, I'm dating a communist.
JERRY: Wow, a communist. That's something.
ELAINE: Yeah, that's pretty cool isn't it?
GEORGE: Hey, did I tell you I called one of those girls from the personal ads in The Daily Worker?
JERRY: The Daily Worker has personal ads?
GEORGE: And they say appearance is not important.
JERRY: Yours or hers?
(Kramer enters dressed as Santa)
KRAMER: Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Merry Christmas everyone. Merry Christmas.
JERRY: Wow, look at you. So you got the job.
KRAMER: Yeah, you're looking at the new Santa at Coleman's Department store.
ELAINE: Oh, congratulations
(Mickey enters)
MICKEY: Come on get your bead on. We're going to be late.
KRAMER: On Prancer on Dasher, on Donna.
MICKEY: Not Donna, it's Donner.
KRAMER: Donna!
MICKEY: Yeah, right!. On Prancer, on Dancer, on Donna, on Ethyl, on Harriet.
JERRY: Hello, Oh hi Lois, you want to get together, what for? I don't know about that, I'll have to think about it. I'll let you know. Okay, bye.
GEORGE: What's up?
JERRY: Duncan wants to get together with her and me for lunch tomorrow. He obviously wants me to admit I got a head start. And I don't think she believes me.
GEORGE: He wants to meet you? I'll tell you what. I'll show up. He doesn't know we're friends. I'll pretend I haven't seen you since High School. I'll back up the story.
JERRY: That's not bad.
GEORGE: Not bad? It's gorgeous!
[Coleman's Department Store]
KRAMER: Ho ho ho Well come on little Princess, tell Santa what you want. Don't be shy.
MOM: She doesn't speak English (with a Swedish accent).
KRAMER: Santa speaks the language of all children. A notchie watchie dotchie do.
(Child cries and reaches for her mom)
KRAMER: A dotchie cotchie dochie,
KRAMER: Het, Mickey when do we get a break? My lap is killing me.
MICKEY: There is no break.
KRAMER: A sweat shop.
(Elaine and commie enter)
KRAMER: Hey, hey, hey.
(Kid sits on Kramer's lap and they both slide to the floor)
[Yankee Stadium]
ADA: Natalie on line 2.
GEORGE: Natalie?
ADA: From the Daily Worker.
GEORGE: Thank you.
(ADA leaves but listens at the door)
GEORGE: Hello, it's Natalie? Yeah, this is a business office but I'm not a business man per se. I'm here working for the people. Yes, I'm causing dissent. Stirring the pot. Getting people to question the whole rotten system.
[Coleman's Department Store]
ILENE: Elaine.
ELAINE: Ilene.
ILENE: Hi.
ELAINE: Hello.
ILENE: Doing a little Christmas shopping?
ELAINE: Yeah, yeah. Oh, this is Ned. He's a communist.
ILENE: Oh, really?
ELAINE: Yep . . . a big communist, a big big communist.
ILENE: Oh, well, it's awfully nice to see you. See you later.
ELAINE: Bye bye
ELAINE: Hey, listen while we're here why don't we do a little shirt shopping?
NED: Out of the question.
ELAINE: Um. Kramer!
KRAMER: Hi
ELAINE: Hi, oh hi Mickey, this is Ned
KRAMER: Oh, hey, hi buddy.
ELAINE: You guys stay here, I'll be right back.
KRAMER: Eight hours of jingle belling and ho ho hoing. Boy, I am ho'd out.
NED: Anyone who works here is a sap.
(Mickey attacks Ned)
MICKEY: Watch it!
KRAMER: Woah, woah, come on.
NED: You understand the Santa's at Bloomfields are making double what you are?
KRAMER: Double?
NED: I bet the beard itches doesn't it?
KRAMER: You got that straight.
NED: So when you get a rash all over your face in January do you think Coleman's will be there with a medical plan?
MICKEY: Look, you take that commie crap out into the street.
NED: Kramer, I've got some literature in my car that will change your whole way of thinking.
KRAMER: Talk to me baby.
MICKEY: Don't listen to him Kramer, you've got a good job here.
[Monks]
DUNCAN: But there's no way you could have beaten me by that much. I already beaten you in Junior High School three times.
JERRY: I didn't hit puberty til the 9th grade. That's what gave me my speed. Besides, if I got a head start why didn't Mr. Bevilacqua stop the race?
(George enters)
DUNCAN: That's what I've always wondered about.
JERRY: Well, I . . . [sees George]
GEORGE: Oh, my God, No, oh my God, . . . Jerry!
JERRY: I'm sorry, uh,
GEORGE: George, George Costanza!
JERRY: Oh, George Costanza , Kennedy High.
GEORGE: Yes yes yes This is unbelievable.
DUNCAN: Hi, George
GEORGE: Oh, wait a minute, wait a minute, don't tell me, don't tell me. It starts with a . . . Duncan Meyers. Oh, wow, this is something. I haven't seen you guys in what, twenty years?
JERRY: This is Lois.
LOIS: Hello.
GEORGE: So what have you been doing with yourself?
JERRY: I'm I'm a comedian.
GEORGE: Ah ha, well, I really wouldn't know about that. I don't watch much TV. I like to read. So what do you do, a lot of that "did you ever notice?" this kind of stuff.
JERRY: Yeah, yeah
GEORGE: It strikes me a lot of guys are doing that kind of humor now.
JERRY: Yeah, yeah, Well, you really got bald there, didn't you?
GEORGE: Yeah, yeah.
JERRY: You really used to have a think full head of hair.
GEORGE: Yeah, yeah. Well, I guess I started losing it when I was about twenty-eight right around the time I made my first million. You know what they say. The first million is the hardest one.
JERRY: yeah, yeah.
LOIS: What do you do?
GEORGE: I'm an architect.
LOIS: Have you designed any buildings in New York?
GEORGE: Have you seen the new addition to the Guggenheim?
LOIS: You did that?
GEORGE: Yep. And it didn't take very long either.
JERRY: Well you've really built yourself up into something.
GEORGE: Well, well, I had a dream, Jerry.
JERRY: Well, one cannot help[ but wonder what brings you into a crummy little coffee shop like this.
GEORGE: Well, I like to stay in touch with the people.
JERRY: Ah, you know you have a hole in your sneaker there. What is that canvas?
GEORGE: You know my driver's waiting, I really should get running. Good to see you guys again.
JERRY: George, George, hang on. I haven't seen you in so long.
GEORGE: Ha, uh,
JERRY: I thought we might reminisce a little more. You know Duncan and I were just taking about the big race.
GEORGE: Oh, the big race.
JERRY: Yeah.
GEORGE: Yes, yes,.
LOIS: You were there?
GEORGE: Yes, sure, surely was. Yeah, I'll remember that day. Well I'll never forget it because that was the day that I uh, lost my virginity to Miss. Stafford, the uh, voluptuous home room teacher.
DUNCAN: Miss Stafford?
GEORGE: Yes, yes, you know I was in detention and she came up behind me while I was erasing the blackboard . . .
JERRY: George!
GEORGE: But I digress. Let me see, now. You were standing at one end of the line and I was right next to you. And I remember we were even for like, the first five yards and then , BOOM,...You were gone.
JERRY: Did I get a head start?
GEORGE: Head start, oh no absolutely not.
JERRY: You satisfied? So you see?
DUNCAN: No, I'm still not convinced and I never will be.
LOIS:Why don't the two of you just race again?
DUNCAN: That's a good idea.
JERRY: No, no, no, another race - out of the question.
DUNCAN: I know, you've been saying that for twenty years because you know you can't beat me. You couldn't beat me then and you can't beat me now.
LOIS: Race him Jerry. Race him.
JERRY: All right! I'll do it. The race is on.
[Jerry's apartment]
ELAINE: . . . shut up! (?)
JERRY: And he's calling all these people from High School to come and watch. I knew this day would come. I can't do it. I can't go through with it. I'm calling it off. I can't let the legend die. It's like a kid finding out there's no Santa Claus
[Street]
KRAMER: Each according to his ability, to each according to his needs.
MICKEY: What does that mean?
KRAMER: Well, if you've got needs and abilities that's a pretty good combination.
MICKEY: So what if I want to open up a delicatessen?
KRAMER: There are no delicatessens under Communism.
MICKEY: Why not?
KRAMER: Well, because the meats are divided into a class system. You got Pastrami and Corned Beef in one class and Salami and Bologna in another. That's not right.
MICKEY: So you can't get Corned Beef?
KRAMER: Well, you know, if you're in the Politburo, maybe.
[Jerry's Apartment]
GEORGE: (on phone) . It's George Costanza. . are there any messages for me? Why does Mr. Steinbrenner want to see me in his office? . . . Communist? I'm not a Communist . . . . All right, all right. All right, I'll be there. - ( hangs up ) My secretary Ada, told Mr Steinbrenner I'm a Communist Now he wants to see me in his office.
JERRY: So you'll just explain to him you're not a Communist. You just called the woman for a date.
(Phone rings)
JERRY: Hello, oh hi Duncan, 4:00 o'clock tomorrow? That is not going to work. . . . Why? I'll tell you why. Because I chose not to run!
[Elaine's Apartment]
NED: I'm sorry Elaine. The shirt's too fancy.
ELAINE: Just because you're a communist, does that mean you can't wear anything nice? You look like Trotsky. It's gorgeous. Fine, you want to be a Communist, be a Communist. Can't you at least look like a successful Communist?
NED: All right, I'll try it on.
ELAINE: I'm going to order Chinese Food.
NED: You're ordering from Hop Sing's, right?
ELAINE: Ugh, does it have to be Hop Sing's. I kind of had a fight with him.
NED: Elaine, when my father was black listed he couldn't work for years. He and his friends used to sit at Hop Sing's every day figuring out how to survive.
ELAINE: You're father was blacklisted?
NED: Yes he was, and you know why? Because he was betrayed by people he trusted. They "named names".
ELAINE: Okay, okay. (phones) Um, yeah, hi, I'd like delivery please to 16 West 75th St. apartment 2G.
LEW: I know that address. You're Benes, right. You're on our list. No more delivery.
ELAINE: No. no, she doesn't live here anymore. This is someone else.
LEW: Oh, yeah. What's the name?
ELAINE: Why do you need the name? You already have the address.
LEW: We need a name. Give us a name.
ELAINE: Okay, okay, Ned Isakoff.
[Coleman's Department Store]
KID: I want a racing car set.
KRAMER: Ho ho ho ho A racing car set! Those are assembled in Tai Wan by kids like you. And these Coleman pigs, they sell it at triple the cost.
KID: But I want a racing car set.
KRAMER: You see kid, you're being bamboozaled. These capatalist fat cats are inflating the profit margin and reducing your total number of toys.
KID: Hey, this guy's a COMMIE!
MICKEY: Hey, kid, quiet. Were did a nice little boy like you learn such a bad word like that? Huh?
KID: Commie, Commie, Commie . . . (unknown) .
MICKEY: Santa is not a Commie. He just forgot how his good friend stuck his neck out for him to get him a good job like this. Didn't he Santa!
STORE MANAGER: Is there a problem here?
KRAMER: ho ho ho ho.
KID: This guy's a Commie. He's spreading propoganda.
STORE MANAGER: Oh yeah? Well that's enough pinko! You're through. The both of ya'
MICKEY: I got two kids in college.
KRAMER: You can't fire me, I'm Santa Claus.
STORE MANAGER: Not anymore. Get your skinny ass out of here.
[Jerry's Car]
JERRY: Hi how are you?
LOIS: . . . Fine.
JERRY: What's the matter?
LOIS: I just spoke to Duncan. He said if you don't race, he's going to fire me.
JERRY: What? He can't do that.
LOIS: Yes he can. He controls the means of production. What are you going to do Jerry?
JERRY: Don't worry Lois. I'll think of something.
[Elaine's Apartment]
LEW: Ah, I knew it was you! You tried to trick Hop Sing! You are onour list; Elaine Benes! And now you are on our list; Ned Isakoff.
NED: You got me blacklisted from Hop Sing's?
LEW: She named name!
[Steinbrenner's Office]
GEORGE: You, uh, wanted to see me, Mr. Steinbrenner?
STEINBRENNER: Yes George, I did. Come in, come in. George, the wordaround the office is that you're a Communist.
GEORGE: C-Communist? I am a Yankee, sir, first and foremost.
STEINBRENNER: You know George, it struck me today me that a Communistpipeline into the vast reservoir of Cuban baseball talent could be thegreatest thing ever to happen to this organization.
GEORGE: Sir?
STEINBRENNER: You could be invaluable to this franchise. George, there's a southpaw down there nobody's been able to get a look at; something Rodriguez, I don't really know his name. You get yourselfdown to Havana right away.
GEORGE: Yes, sir. Yes sir, do my best.
STEINBRENNER: Good, Merry Christmas George. And bring me back some of those cigars in the cedar boxes, you know the ones with the fancy rings? I love those fancy rings. They kind of distract you while you're smoking. The red and yellow are nice. It looks good against the brown of the cigar. The Maduro, I like the Maduro wrapper. The darker the better, that's what I say. Of course, the Claro's good too. That's more of a pale brown, almost like a milky coffee. (George exits) I find the ring size very confusing. They have it in centimeters which I don't really understand that well...
[On the Street]
MICKEY: That was quick! Nice job, Santa!
KRAMER: Yeah,
MICKEY: I knew that Commie stuff was going to get us in trouble.
KRAMER: Yeah, well I didn't realize that was such a sensitive issue.
MICKEY: Communism, You didn't realize Communism was a sensitive issue? What do you think has been going on in the world for the past 60 years? Wake up and smell the coffee.
KRAMER: I guess I screwed up!
MICKEY: You sure did. Big time.
[Street - race begins]
ELAINE: How do you feel?
JERRY: I need a miracle.
DUNCAN: Now you're going to see what kind of liar you're mixed up with.
LOIS: If he beats you I want a big raise.
DUNCAN: If he beats me, I'll not only give you a raise, I'll send you to Hawaii for two weeks.
KRAMER: I parked in front of that restaurant . As soon as this race is over I got to go to the airport.
GEORGE: Okay, all right, all right.
MR. BEVILACQUA: You ready boys?
JERRY: Yes, Mr. Beviacqua
MR. BEVILACQUA: Okay, this is hoiw it works. You take your marks, I say, READY - ON YOUR MARK - GET SET - and then fire. You got it?
DUNCAN & JERRY: Yes Mr. Bevilacqua.
(Kramer enters his car)
(Mr. Bevilacqua raises gun)
MR. BEVILACQUA: READY - ON YOUR MARK
(Kramer's car backfires)
(Jerry is off early and wins the race - the crowd goes crazy - )
LOIS:So will you come to Hawaii with me Jerry?
JERRY: Maybe I will , Lois. Maybe I will.
(Jerry winks at camera like in the Superman movie)
[Havana]
(George enters Castro's office (like Steinbrenner))
GEORGE: You wanted to see me, El Presidente?
CASTRO: Si, si. (a Spanish word I can't figure out) Come here. I understand you are very interested in one of our players, eh?
GEORGE: Si, si.
CASTRO: Ordinarily I would not grant such a request but I've heard you are, uh, how you say, Communista simpatico, eh?
GEORGE: Muy sumpatico. Muy muy muy.
CASTRO: Well good, then you can have your pick.
GEORGE: Oh, oh!
CASTRO: They will play for your Yankees.
GEORGE: Oh well, gracias El Commandante, gracias. Muy muy.
CASTRO: And I would be honored if you would be my guest for dinner tonight at the Presidential palace. There will be girls there and, I hear, some pretty good food. Of course the problem with parties is you invariably have to eat standing up which I don't care for but on the other hand I don't like to balance a plate on my lap either. Once when I was at a party, I put my plate on someone's piano. I assure you, if I had not been a dictator, I would not have been able to get away with that one.
[Pro shop at Manhattan Plaza Racquet Club]
JERRY: Come on. Lets go
ELAINE: No wait, I gotta go in here and pick up Mr. Pitt's tennis recquet.
JERRY: What's it doin here?
ELAINE: He wanted to have it restrung. (to clerk) Here I need to pick that up
LANDIS: Hello
ELAINE: Oh, Hi.
LANDIS: Jocylin Landis from Doubleday. I interviewed you for a position a couple of months ago.
ELAINE: Yes, yes, the one I didn't get. (they giggle)
LANDIS: I was watching you play
ELAINE: Oh, I'm not very good.
LANDIS: No. You exhibited a lot of grace out there.
ELAINE: Really? Grace?
LANDIS: Yes. So have you found anything yet?
ELAINE: Uh, no. Not really.
LANDIS: You know you should keep in touch. Something may be opening up in a few weeks. Is that a Bruline?
JERRY: Oh, Bruline. Newman's got the same one.
ELAINE: Newman plays tennis?
JERRY: He's fantastic.
LANDIS: Would you mind if I tried this out?
ELAINE: Uh, no ... take it.
LANDIS: How will you get it back?
ELAINE: Um, I could come by your office and pick it up tomorrow.
LANDIS: That's so generous of you.
ELAINE: Thanks
JERRY: You loaned her Pitt's racquet?
ELAINE: What could I do? She said there might be something for me at Doubleday. Oh wouldn't that be great I wouldn't have to work for Mr. Pitt anymore.
SANDY: I gotta get going.
JERRY: Oh, OK. Next time lets play ping pong. It's easier to jump over the net.
SANDY: (nods silently)
ELAINE: Bye
JERRY: Bye bye
ELAINE: Have you noticed she never laughs
JERRY: Hm, really?
ELAINE: Yeah
[Kramer and George on street]
GEORGE: Check that out (showing newspaper)
KRAMER: Whoa, you're dating this woman?
GEORGE: That's right.
KRAMER: George, you're becoming one of the gliterratti
GEORGE: What's that.
KRAMER: Ya' know, people who glitter. She's a slim gal.
GEORGE: And the amazing thing is she eats like there's no tomorra'. I mean I've never seen an appetite like this. Desserts. Everything. I don't know how she does it.
KRAMER: Maybe she's bulimic
GEORGE: Wa?
KRAMER: Bulimic,
GEORGE: Kramer, she's a model.
KRAMER: Exactly
GEORGE: I have noticed she does tend to go to the bathroom right after we finish eating.
KRAMER: There you go monkey boy.
[Pepperdella's Restaurant]
NINA: Mmm, Mmmm oh, so good, mmm, mmm. Aren't you hungry?
GEORGE: Just enjoying watching you.
[Other restaurant]
SANDY: So did you like the movie?
JERRY: Yeah, it was OK. Frankenstein didn't seem quite right to me. I missed the sport jacket.
SANDY: (nods silently)
JERRY: Not that it was that nice of a jacket. I mean it didn't fit him that well. To me there's just something about a monster in a blazer. It shows at least he's making an effort.
SANDY: (nods silently) That's funny.
JERRY: I'm glad you enjoyed it.
[Pepperdella's Restaurant]
NINA: Oh, I'm so full.
GEORGE: Yes, full. I love to be full ... love to sit back, loosen the old belt and digest away for hours. Let those enzymes do their work.
NINA: Will you excuse me.
GEORGE: Where you going?
NINA: I just need to freshen up.
GEORGE: You're fresh (grabs her arm) You're very fresh. You seem very fresh to me. You're very vital. I couldn't take you any fresher.
NINA: George I need to freshen., George, George, George ...
[Jerry's Apartment]
JERRY: It was unbelievable. You're right the jokes kept bouncing off her like superman.
ELAINE: See, what did I tell ya?
JERRY: And even when she did like something, she doesn't laugh. She says, "That's funny." ... That's funny!
ELAINE: Oo, I better call that woman at Doubleday and see when I can pick up Mr. Pitt's racquet.
JERRY: I mean how can I be with someone that doesn't laugh. It's like ... well it's like something!
ELAINE: (on phone)Hello, yeah, hi. Uh, is Miss. Landis there please. Wa? Oh, Gosh, ah ok, she'll be in later? OK, thank you. Uh. (to Jerry) This guy said she hurt her arm playing tennis. ... Pretty bad.
(George enters)
GEORGE: Well, I heard a noise.
JERRY: What noise?
GEORGE: You know, .. blah ...
JERRY: What blah?
GEORGE: From the bathroom.
JERRY: Oh, you think she was refunding?
GEORGE: Every time we go out to eat the minute we we're done eating she's runnin to the bathroom.
ELAINE: So you're concerned.
GEORGE: Elaine, of course I'm concerned. I'm payin' for those meals. It's like throwing money down the toilet.
JERRY: In a manner of speaking.
GEORGE: Let me digest it. Let me get my money's worth. Y'know what would be good is if there was someone else in the bathroom that could tell me.
(Kramer enters.)
KRAMER: Here's your scrubber back.
JERRY: Thanks.
GEORGE: Hey, maybe I could bribe one of those women that hand out the towels in the powder room.
JERRY: A matron?
GEORGE: Yeah
(Kramer nervously waves at to stop Jerry talking)
JERRY: uh, well I can't help you there (weakly).
GEORGE: Wha?
KRAMER: Nothin'
GEORGE: You know a matron?
KRAMER: Me?
GEORGE: You
KRAMER: No.
GEORGE: Kramer,
KRAMER: Well, now look, just leave me alone.
GEORGE: Well, what is it?
KRAMER: No, don't, don't make me
GEORGE: Wha?
KRAMER: No, I can't, all right I can't ...
GEORGE: Who?
KRAMER: ... My mother's a matron!
ELAINE: Babs?
KRAMER: Yeah, there, all right I said it there.. Ya' satisfied? Anything else you want to know?
GEORGE: Kramer, Kramer, I need to know if Nina is refunding.
KRAMER: Look, George, I can't help ya, all right.
GEORGE: Why not? Why not?
KRAMER: let me go. let me go. Because I haven't talked to my mother in five years. We just don't see eye to eye. I don't even want to get into my childhood. I'm still carrying a lot of pain. A LOT of pain.
GEORGE: Come on, Kramer.
KRAMER: I can't I can't
JERRY: Kramer you're going to have to face her some time
KRAMER: (mumbles) b'd b'd
[Doubleday offices]
ELAINE: Hello (sees Landis) Oh, my goodness. What happened?
LANDIS: I tore my umeral epicondilitist
ELAINE: Oh
LANDIS: My doctor said it might never fully heal. I may never play again.
ELAINE: Oh, you'll be playing ...
LANDIS: If I can't play tennis I don't know what I'll do.
ELAINE: There are plenty of things you can do, there's chess and uh uh mah jong,
LANDIS: You don't know how lucky you are to be healthy ...
ELAINE: ... and biking and ..
LANDIS: What am I going to do?
ELAINE: ... hiking ...
LANDIS: (wimpers)
ELAINE: (sees racquet) Could I ...
LANDIS: If I can't play tennis I have no reason to live .. (cries)
ELAINE: (sees racquet), You know it's not important I'm gonna, ok, well, you know. Take care of that condolitis
[Restaurant Woman's Powder Room]
(Kramer and George enter)
KRAMER: Ma?
BABS: Cosmo!
GEORGE: Cosmo?
[Jerry's apartment]
JERRY: Why didn't you just ask her for it?
ELAINE: I told you I couldn't. The woman was crying about how she might never play tennis again
(Buzzer)
JERRY: Yeah
GEORGE: Hey di ho
JERRY: C'mon up.
JERRY: So when do you have to get the racquet back to Mr. Pitt?
ELAINE: augh, he's got a big match tomorrow with Ethyl Kennedy
JERRY: He needs a three hundred-dollar Bruline to beat Ethyl Kennedy?
ELAINE: He'll only play with his racquet
JERRY: Well, why don't you wait 'til she's not there on her lunch hour and just take it?
ELAINE: That's stealing?
JERRY: Stealing? You loaned her the racquet!
ELAINE: I know.
(George enters)
GEORGE: Hey oh.
ELAINE: JERRY: Hey
JERRY: So what happened with Kramer's mother?
GEORGE: It's all worked out. Nina and I will have dinner Thursday at the restaurant where Babs works.
JERRY: What's she like?
GEORGE: Oh, she's a Kramer. And uh, while I was there I uh happened to pick up another juicy little nugget about our friend.
ELAINE: Ah, I'm ready what?
JERRY: What is it?
GEORGE: I uh got the first name.
ELAINE: You found out Kramer's first name?
GEORGE: That's right. You ready?
JERRY: We've been trying to get it out of him for ten years. What is it?
GEORGE: Cosmo
ELAINE: JERRY: Cosmo?
GEORGE: Cosmo
ELAINE: JERRY: Cosmo
(- all laugh - )
ELAINE: Cosmo, Cosmo?
(Kramer enters)
KRAMER: What's so funny? ... wha?
ELAINE: COSMO?
KRAMER: All right, OK So you the name now. The cat is .a a a .. out of the bag.
JERRY; Well I got to hand it to you. You did a hell of a job keeping it a secret all these years.
ELAINE: It's not such a bad name.
KRAMER: Well you know all my life I've been running away from that name. That's why I wouldn't tell anybody. But I've been thinking about it. All this time I'm trying not to be me. I'm afraid to face who I was. But I'm Cosmo Jerry. I'm Cosmo Kramer. And that's who I'm going to be. From now on that's who I'm going to be. I'm Cosmo!
[Sandy's apartment]
LAURA: Yes?
JERRY: Hi, is Sandy here?
LAURA: Hi, you must be Jerry. Sandy's in the shower. Do you want to come in?
JERRY: I would except I forgot to bring a towel.
LAURA: (laughs nicely)
[Monks]
(Jerry starts.)
JERRY: So the roommate laughed at everything I said.
GEORGE: Wow.
JERRY: It was a great sounding laugh too, kind of lilting and feminine--none of those big coarse "ha's." You know those?
GEORGE: Oh yeah: HA-A-A, HA-A-A.
JERRY: Yeah.
GEORGE: Hate the big coarse "ha." Hate those.
JERRY: And the worst part of course is that she also possessed many of the other qualities prized by the Superficial Man.
GEORGE: I see.
JERRY: So as you can see, I've got a bit of a problem here.
GEORGE: Well, if I hear you correctly--and I think that I do--my advice to you is to finish your meal, pay your check, leave here, and never mention this to anyone again.
JERRY: Can't be done, huh?
GEORGE: The Switch?
JERRY: "The Switch."
GEORGE: Can't be done.
JERRY: I wonder.
GEORGE: Do you realize in the entire history of western civilization no one has successfully accomplished the Roommate Switch? In the Middle Ages you could get locked up for even suggesting it!
JERRY: They didn't have roommates in the Middle Ages.
GEORGE: Well, I'm sure at some point between the years 800 and 1200--somewhere--there were two women living together.
JERRY: The point is I intend to undertake this. And I'll do it with or without you. So if you're scared, if you haven't got the stomach for this, let's get it out right now! And I'll go on my own. If not, you can get on board and we can get to work! Now what's it going to be?
GEORGE: All right, dammit, I'm in.
JERRY: I couldn't do it without you.
GEORGE: All right. Let's get to work.
(Now here's the boys' second conversation on the subject, after we've seen them struggling with the issue over coffee, wandering the sidewalks of NYC-- all to 40's-style movie music--before continuing their discussion in Jerry's apartment. George begins this time.)
GEORGE: All right. That's enough for today. You're tired. Get some sleep. I'll see you first thing in the morning.
JERRY: Aw, we can't do it, who are we kidding? It's impossible! It's true! You can't do the Switch! Nobody can do the Switch! It was a stupid idea to begin with! Let's face it. I'm stuck with the non-laugher and that's that!
GEORGE: We'll come up with something.
JERRY: Yeah, sure we will.
GEORGE: All right. See you tomorrow. (George sighs, exits.)
(Pregnant pause, then George bursts back in.)
GEORGE: I-I-I-I-I got it!!!!!
("third scene,"The boys are finishing pizza and beer. George begins here, slowly, carefully, to make sure Jerry's got it. (Be sure to keep in mind the descriptions' hilarious visual enactments.))
GEORGE: All right. Let's go over it again, one more time.
JERRY: All right. So I tell Sandy that I want to have a ménage à trois with her and her roommate.
GEORGE: That's right.
JERRY: And you believe this course of action will have a two-pronged effect. Firstly, the very mention of the idea will cause Sandy to recoil in disgust, whereupon she will insist that I remove myself from the premises.
GEORGE: Keep going.
JERRY: At this point, it is inevitable that she will seek out the roommate to apprise her of this abhorrent turn of events.
GEORGE: Continue.
JERRY: The roommate will then offer her friend the requisite sympathy even as part of her cannot help but feel somewhat flattered by her inclusion in the unusual request.
(George takes over.)
GEORGE: A few days go by and a call is placed at a time when Sandy is known to be busy at work. Once the initial awkwardness is relieved with a little playful humor, which she [Laura] of course cannot resist, an invitation to a friendly dinner is proffered.
JERRY: Huh. Well, it all sounds pretty good. There's only one flaw in it: They're roommates. She'd have to go out with me behind Sandy's back. She's not gonna do that.
(Another pregnant pause. George?)
GEORGE: You disappoint me, my friend. Sandy wants nothing to do with you. She tells Laura, "If you want to waste your time with that pervert, that's your problem."
(Final pause. Jerry?)
JERRY: It's a perfect plan. So inspired. So devious. Yet so simple.
GEORGE: (George, finger in the peanut butter jar): This is what I do.
[Doubleday]
(Elaine surreptitiously enters office and takes racquet.)
KEITH: Can I help you?
ELAINE: Uh, no, I'm OK.
KEITH: Well then what are you doing with that racquet?
ELAINE: Um, it's mine. Miss. Landis borrowed it.
KEITH: Well, I'm sorry you can't take that, no no no..
ELAINE: No no no, I can. I can. It's mine. It's my racquet.
KEITH: Look sweetheart I don't know who you are. I don't know what you're doing here. But...
ELAINE: All right. I'm going I'm going
KEITH: Not with ...
ELAINE: Give it give it ..
KEITH: Leave ...
ELAINE: All right all right forget it. You don't have to mention any of this to Miss. Landis do you?
KEITH: I don't have to but I will.
[Street]
(Babs and Kramer)
CLOTWORTHY: Morning Cosmo
KRAMER: Hi Mr. Clotworthy
CLOTWORTHY: How are you today?
KRAMER: Ah couldn't be better. Hi Lorraine.
LANDIS: Hi Cosmo
KRAMER: My mom Babs.
LANDIS: Hi Mrs. Kramer
BABS: Lorraine
KRAMER: Yes, It's a fine day
VOICE: (Larry David's voice) What do you say Cosmo?
KRAMER: Hey, everything my man.
[Sandy's apartment]
SANDY: What:
JERRY: You know, I don't know the exact pronunciation but I believe its Manage A Trois.
SANDY: Oooo, that is a wild idea
JERRY: Uh?
[Monks]
(Kramer and Babs)
KRAMER: You ma, know I've been thinking. I want you to quit that matron job.
BABS: Yes, well isn't that just easy for you to say. What the hell do you think I'm going to do with myself?
KRAMER: Well maybe we could go into business together. If you're clean?
BABS: I've been clean for two years. Anyway what would we do together?
KRAMER: I've got plenty of ideas.
BABS: I've always believed in you Cosmo. You know that. So I want you to call that place today and tell then tha you're through.
BABS: All right. I'll do it.
[Restaurant]
(George and Nina)
NINA: Mmmm mm so good.
GEORGE: ... so glad.
NINA: Will you excuse me I've got to freshen up.
GEORGE: And why shouldn't you? Be fresh Stay fresh
WOMAN: I'll be back. I'm not feeling very well.
WAITRESS: Care to see our dessert menu?
GEORGE: Uh, yeah. Do you know Babs?
WAITRESS: Oh, yeah I was sorry to hear she left.
GEORGE: Babs left?
WAITRESS: She quit today.
(George runs to bathroom and hears retching sounds. George enters woman's bathroom)
GEORGE: Ah Ha.
NINA: What are you doing here George?
GEORGE: I was just wondering what it was you wanted for dessert.
(Nina leaves - woman exits stall)
GEORGE: How 'ya feelin'?
[Street]
(Newman and Bab)
BABS: Hi Newman
NEWMAN: Hi Babs
BABS: What are you doin'
NEWMAN: Minding my own business.
BABS: You'll never get into trouble that way.
NEWMAN: What makes you think I'm lookin' for trouble?
BABS: From what I hear you postmen don't have to look too far.
NEWMAN: ha ha ha Well you know sometimes it just has a way of finding you. Cigarette?
BABS: Don't mind if I do.
[Jerry's Apartment]
(George knocking on Kramer's door yelling Kramer... Jerry opens his door.)
JERRY: Hey
(George enters)
GEORGE: What happened to Babs. She never showed up last night. The whole thing blew up in my face.
JERRY: Ah, that's a shame.
GEORGE: Hey, what happened with Sandy. I forgot all about it. Did you call her?
JERRY: Yeah, I did. In fact I went over there.
GEORGE: So what happened? She throw you out? Eh?
JERRY: No actually, she took it pretty well.
GEORGE: So what happened?
JERRY: She's into it.
GEORGE: Into what?
JERRY: The manage. And not only that. She just called me and said she talked to the roommate and the roomate's into the manage too.
GEORGE: That's unbelievable.
JERRY: Oh, it's a scene man.
GEORGE: Do you ever just get down on your knees and thank god that you know me and have access to my dementia?
JERRY: What are you talking about? I'm not goin' to do it.
GEORGE: You're not goin to do it? What do you mean, You're not goin to do it?
JERRY: I can't. I'm not an orgy guy.
GEORGE: Are you crazy? This is like discovering Plutonium ... by accident.
JERRY: Don't you know what it means to become an orgy guy? It changes everything. I'd have to dress different. I'd have to act different. I'd have to grow a mustache and get all kinds of robes and lotions and I'd need a new bedspread and new curtains I'd have to get thick carpeting and weirso lighting. I'd have to get new friends. I'd have to get orgy friends. ... Naw, I'm not ready for it.
GEORGE: If only something like that could happen to me.
JERRY: Oh, shut up you couldn't do it either.
GEORGE: I know.
(Elaine enters)
JERRY: Hey, what happened? Did you get your racquet?
ELAINE: No, I got caught.
JERRY: What do you mean you got caught?
ELAINE: Her assistant caught me. And now I'm probably not going to get a job. He's going to tell Landis that I was sneakin around her office.
JERRY: I still don't understand how you can get in trouble for taking your own racquet.
ELAINE: Meanwhile Mr. Pitt's got this match with Ethyl Kennedy this afternoon.
(Kramer enters)
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Hi Cosmo.
ELAINE: Hi Cosmo
KRAMER: Thanks man.
JERRY: Hey, doesn't Newman have a Bruline racquet?
KRAMER: Uh, Yeah, yeah, but he's on vacation. Went to Baltimore.
JERRY: Hum, but you've got the key to his place right?
KRAMER: Yeah
JERRY: Well Elaine needs to borrow his racquet. Just for today.
KRAMER: All right all right. Come on I'll take you over to Newman's
GEORGE: Hey, Cosmo what happened to your mother last night. She hung me out to dry.
KRAMER: She quit.
GEORGE: It would have been nice if someone told me about it. I just think you could have said something. That's all.
(Trying to enter Newman's apartment)
KRAMER: Don't talk to me George, talk to her.
GEORGE: Well where is she?
KRAMER: I don't know.
(They enter Newman's apartment - Babs and Newman on the couch.)
KRAMER: Ma!
BABS: Cosmo!
NEWMAN: We din, we didn't ... ... Cosmo?
[Opening monologue]
Loyalty to any one sports team is pretty hard to justify.  Because the players are always changing, the team can move to another city, you're actually rooting for the clothes when you get right down to it.  You know what I mean, you are standing and cheering and yelling for your clothes to beat the clothes from another city.  Fans will be so in love with a player but if he goes to another team, they boo him.  This is the same human being in a different shirt, they *hate* him now.  Boo!  different shirt!!  Boo.
[Jerry and George are at a hot dog vendor's cart.]
JERRY:  You sure you don't want the tickets?
GEORGE:  No thanks.
JERRY:  I can't believe I'm having trouble getting rid of Super Bowl tickets.
GEORGE:  I'm telling you, skip the Drake's wedding, go to the game.
JERRY:  I can't, the Drake put me in the wedding party.
GEORGE:  Well who schedules his wedding on Super Bowl Sunday?
JERRY:  Maybe he didn't know?
GEORGE:  Lemme see.  I can't believe you got these for free. (Looking at the tickets)  Row F?!
JERRY:  Row F, in front of the Gs, hobnobbing with the Ds and Es.
GEORGE:  Howbout Kramer or Elaine, they don't want them?
JERRY:  I asked.  Elaine laughed at me, Kramer's only interested in Canadian football.
GEORGE:  Wish I could help you.
JERRY:  Come on, take them.  You could take Bonnie.
GEORGE:  You paying my hotel and airfare to Miami?
JERRY:  What do you think?
GEORGE:  So in order to use these, I gotta spend like fifteen-hundred bucks. This is a bill for fifteen-hundred dollars.  Plus, she'd ask about the sleeping arrangements, that whole sleeping arrangement conversation is depressing.
JERRY:  Yeah, sleeping arrangements.  So, you haven't, uh...
GEORGE:   Oh, no no no, I haven't even seen her apartment yet.  Tomorrow night's the first night.
JERRY:  Aah.
GEORGE:  Hey, is that Tim Whatley?
JERRY:  The Dentist?
GEORGE:  Yeah, is he still mad at you for crashing his Thanksgiving party?
JERRY:  Oh, no.  I explained the whole thing to him, he was fine with it.
GEORGE:  Oh good.
JERRY:  Yeah, I blamed it on you.  Hi Tim.
TIM:  Hey Jerry!  George.  What are you up to?
JERRY:  Ah, just a couple of gals out on the town, shopping and gabbing.
GEORGE:  I'm getting a makeover.
JERRY:  Hey.  How would you like to go to the Super Bowl?
TIM:  What, are you kidding?
JERRY:  Here.  Two tickets.  Have a good time.
TIM:  How can I think you?  I'll tell you what, I'll take you to dinner sometime.  You ever been to Mendys?
JERRY:  No no no.  No dinner.
[Jerry's apartment, Jerry is on the phone.]
JERRY:  Tim, you didn't have to get me a thank you gift.  I know, it's a label maker.  The Label Baby Junior.  Yeah, I hear they're good.  Well, label me thankful.  Okay, well you enjoy those tickets.  Buh-bye.
(Jerry hangs up, there's a pounding on the door.)
JERRY:  Come in.
(More pounding.  Jerry opens the door and Kramer backs in carrying a board game.)
KRAMER:  Where can I put this?
JERRY:  What is it?
KRAMER:  It's Risk, Jerry.  The game of world conquest. (brushing newspapers off the table with his foot and setting the game board down)  Alright, that's perfect.
(Newman walks in.)
JERRY:  Kramer, why do you have to (noticing Newman)  Hello, Newman.
NEWMAN:  Hello, Jerry.  Will he take it?  I gotta go to work.
JERRY:  Take what?
KRAMER:  The board, Jerry.  We've been playing at Newman's for six hours but he's gotta go.
JERRY:  So why don't you leave it at Newman's?
NEWMAN:  I wanted to, he won't let me.
KRAMER:  We have to put the board in a neutral place where no one will tamper with it.
JERRY:  So that's here?
KRAMER:  Yes, yes.  You're like Switzerland.
JERRY:  I don't wanna be Switzerland.
KRAMER:  Jerry, Newman and I are engaged in a epic struggle for world domination.  It's winner take all.  People cannot be trusted.
NEWMAN:  Don't look at me.
KRAMER:  Oh, I'm looking right at you, big daddy.
JERRY:  Alright, soldier boys, let's fall out.
KRAMER:  Alright, so you're gonna look after it?
JERRY:  Yeah, yeah.
KRAMER:  Stay strong buddy.
JERRY:  Yeah.
KRAMER: Watch it good.
JERRY:  Ok.
(Kramer leaves, Elaine enters.)
ELAINE:  Hey.
JERRY:  Hey.
ELAINE:  Hey.  Oh, is that a label maker?
JERRY:  Yes it is.  I got it as a gift, it's a Label Baby Junior.
ELAINE:  Love the Label Baby, baby.  You know those things make great gifts, I just got one of those for Tim Whatley for Christmas.
JERRY:  Tim Whatley?
ELAINE:  Yeah.  Who sent you that one?
JERRY:  One Tim Whatley!
ELAINE:  Not, my Tim Whatley?
JERRY:  The same, he sent it as a thank you for my Super Bowl tickets.
ELAINE:  I think this is the same one I gave him.  He recycled this gift.  He's a regifter!
JERRY:  Or maybe he liked your gift so much, he decided to get me the same thing.  Perhaps it's an homage.
ELAINE:  Yeah, perhaps.
JERRY:  Well how did he react when you gave it to him?
ELAINE:  Um, he said, "Oh.  A label maker.  Howbout that?"
JERRY:  He repeated the name of the gift?
ELAINE:  Yeah, so?
JERRY:  Oh, well, if you repeat the name of the gift, you can't possibly like it.
ELAINE:  What do you mean?
JERRY:  Oh, you know, like when someone opens something up and they go, "Oh. Tube socks."  What are you gonna do about it?
ELAINE:  I don't know, I guess I'll just get invited up to his apartment and see if he's got a label maker.
JERRY:  Why'd you get him a gift anyway?
ELAINE:  Oh, he did some dental work for me and he didn't charge me so I thought I'd get him a Christmas present.
JERRY:  Yeah, well, if you're getting him anything for his birthday, I'm alarge.
[George and his girlfriend, Bonnie, are entering her apartment.]
BONNIE:  Well, here we are.  This is the place.
GEORGE:  Wow.
BONNIE:  Do you like it?
GEORGE:  I love it!  This is fantastic!  Look at this couch, is this velvet?!
BONNIE:  Are you a velvet fan?
GEORGE:  A fan?  I would drape myself in velvet if it were socially acceptable. And look at this, hardwood floors!
BONNIE:  Aren't they great? (sees a man enter from the bedroom)  Oh, Scott, hi. This is George.  George, this is Scott, my roommate.
(Scott walks into the kitchen.)
GEORGE: (bewildered)  Heh heh.
BONNIE:  Here, check out this view.  If you lean out this window, you can see the river.
(Scott returns from the kitchen eating an apple, and heads back to the bedroom.)
GEORGE:  So Scott's your roommate, huh?
BONNIE:  Yes.  Oh, I'm sure I've mentioned him.
GEORGE:  No, you didn't mention it.
BONNIE:  He's a great guy, you'll really like him.
GEORGE:  I'm sure I will.
[George and Jerry are at the coffee shop.]
JERRY:  Male roommate, huh?
GEORGE:  Yes.  A male roommate.
JERRY:  Is this a problem?
GEORGE:  It's a huge problem, Jerry.  The hardest part about having sex with a woman is getting her to come back to your place!  He's already got that.
JERRY:  Well, maybe he's --
GEORGE:  No.  Believe me, he's not.
JERRY:  So he's an eligible receiver.
GEORGE:  She's confiding in him about our dates.  You always like the person you talk to about the date more than the date!  It's just a matter of time till they realize, 'Hey, we could have sex.'
JERRY:  What's stopping them?
GEORGE:  Exactly!  You know how they get animals to reproduce in captivity? They just put them in the same cage.
JERRY:  What does he look like?
GEORGE:  Oh, that's the worst part of it.  He looks just like me.
JERRY:  He looks like you and he's working from the inside?
GEORGE:  I look like me and I'm working from the outside.  Who do you think is in the better position?
JERRY:  Not you.
GEORGE:  Ho ho.  This bizarre ?harrod? experiment must end!
JERRY:  We'll take a check please.
GEORGE: I gotta find a way to work this out, I love that apartment.  It's so cozy, I'm ensconced in velvet.  You know, if it were socially acceptable--
JERRY:  I know, you would drape yourself in velvet.
GEORGE:  I've said that before?
JERRY:  Many times.  You love velvet, you want to live in velvet, everything with the velvet.
KRAMER: (entering)  Hey.
GEORGE:  Hey.
JERRY:  Hey.
KRAMER:  Guess what?  I saw Newman talking to the super.
JERRY:  So what?
KRAMER:  The super has keys to your apartment.  Don't you see what's going on? Newman is planning a sneak attack.
JERRY:  Oh, maybe he's got no hot water.
KRAMER:  Yeah, alright, fine.  You sit there and you watch while Newman takes over the world.  But he'd be a horrible leader.  And you know who's gonna suffer?  The little people; you and George.
JERRY:  Are you through?
KRAMER:  Oh.  I talked to Arthur Jobanian.  Yeah, the Drake's wedding?  That's off.
JERRY:  The wedding is off?  What happened?
KRAMER:  The Drake, he found out that the wedding is on the same day as the Super Bowl.  So he wanted to postpone it, they got in a big argument and *phlf* it's over.
[Jerry and George are entering Jerry's apartment]
GEORGE:  The wedding is off.  Now you can go to the Super Bowl.
JERRY:  I can't call Tim Whatley and ask for the tickets back.
GEORGE:  You just gave them to him two days ago, he's gotta give you a grace period.
JERRY:  Are you even vaguely familiar with the concept of giving?  There's no grace period.
GEORGE:  Well, didn't he regift the label maker?
JERRY:  Possibly.
GEORGE:  Well, if he can regift, why can't you degift?
JERRY:  You may have a point.
GEORGE:  I have a point, I have a point.
JERRY:  Alright, I'll call him.
GEORGE:  Yeah.  What's that?
JERRY:  Oh, it's Risk, it's a game of world domination being played by two guys who can barely run their own lives. (Picks up phone and dials)  Hello Tim? Yeah, hi, it's Jerry Seinfeld, remember those tickets I gave you?  Well it turns out I can use them.  Oh, you do?  I understand.  Okay.  Bye.  He already made plans, he can't change them.
GEORGE: (eating a pickle)  Well they're his tickets, he can do what he wants with them.
JERRY:  Thanks.
GEORGE:  Alright, I gotta go.  I'm heading over to Bonnie's.
JERRY:  What are you gonna do about the roommate?
GEORGE:  I gotta try and find a way to switch places with him.  It's like a Sigfried and Roy trick.
JERRY:  Well, the pickle breath is a good start.
(George leaves, Newman enters, or would except Jerry tries slamming the door on him.)
NEWMAN:  Hello Jerry, may I come in?
JERRY:  What do you want?
NEWMAN: (squeezing himself through the narrow space)  Nothing, just being neighborly.  Do you wanna hang out?  Shoot the breeze?
JERRY:  I'm not letting you cheat, Newman.  You're not getting anywhere near that board.
NEWMAN:  Jerry?  I'm a little insulted.
JERRY:  You're not a little anything, Newman.  So just pack it up and move it out of here.
NEWMAN: (leaving)  Oh, by the way, what are you doing for the Super Bowl?
JERRY:  I dunno, watch it on TV I guess.  Why?
NEWMAN:  Well if you watch closely enough, you just might see me.  I'll be the one waving to the camera from my seat on the forty yard line.
JERRY:  You're going to the Super Bowl?
NEWMAN:  Yes I am, a guy on my mail route just got a couple of tickets and he offered one to me.
JERRY:  What's his name?
NEWMAN:  Tim Whatley.
JERRY:  That's my ticket!
NEWMAN:  Is it?!  Ohhh, well if only you'd known, you could have saved some time and given it directly to me!  Ha ha ha.
JERRY: (as Newman leaves)  Newman!
[George and Bonnie are at Bonnie's]
GEORGE:  What a movie.  Good choice.
BONNIE:  Thank Scott.  He recommended it.
GEORGE:  Oh, Scott, Scott.  He's really great, isn't he?
BONNIE:  Yes he is.
GEORGE:  Yes he is.  Let me ask you something.  When you come out of the shower and you put your robe on, do you cinch it real tight, are you concerned about that?
BONNIE:  George?
GEORGE:  Do you hold the neck together with one hand, or are you just letting it flap in the breeze?
BONNIE:  George, you're being ridiculous.
GEORGE:  What's the massage situation?
BONNIE:  What do you mean?
GEORGE:  Is there any work being done?  Is there any rubbing, touching, finger manipulation on the other person, and if so, who's making the request?
BONNIE:  George, would you just stop?
GEORGE:  Say you go to the bathroom at two o'clock in the morning, what's the outfit?  I mean, you dressing up or is it come as you are?
BONNIE:  George, what is wrong with you?
GEORGE:  I'll tell you what's wrong, a grown woman with a male roommate!  It's unnatural, it's an abomination!
(Scott enters.)
SCOTT:  Hey!
GEORGE:  Hey!
SCOTT:  How ya going?
GEORGE:  I'm good.
SCOTT: (to Bonnie) Are you gonna need the bathroom?  'Cause I'm gonna jump in the shower.
BONNIE:  No, just throw my bras out of the way.
[Elaine and Tim Whatley are walking together on the street.]
TIM:  Well, this is my building.
ELAINE:  Yes it is.
TIM:  This was fun, you know?
ELAINE:  Yeah.
TIM:  So, I'll call.
ELAINE:  Aren't you gonna invite me upstairs?
TIM:  Upstairs?  You wanna go upstairs?
ELAINE:  I would love to go upstairs.
TIM:  Elaine, you are something else.  No one can ever put a label on you, huh?
ELAINE:  We'll see.
[Jerry and George are at their booth in the coffee shop.]
JERRY:  Newman.  He's going with Newman.
GEORGE:  How does Tim Whatley even know Newman?
JERRY:  Newman's his mailman.
GEORGE:  Who goes to the Super Bowl with their mailman?!
JERRY:  Who goes *anywhere* with Newman?!
GEORGE:  Well, he's merry.
JERRY:  He is merry, I'll give him that.  (notices a cactus on the table) What's this plant for?
GEORGE:  I had a little tiff with Bonnie about the roommate.
JERRY:  Oh, well the cactus will smooth things over.
(Elaine enters.)
ELAINE:  Hey, guess what?  I'm going to the Super Bowl with Tim Whatley.
JERRY:  What?
ELAINE:  We went out for coffee last night and he offered me a ticket.
JERRY:  What about the label maker?
ELAINE:  Ah, well.
JERRY:  Wait a minute, that's my ticket!  You didn't even want to go.
ELAINE:  It was totally out of the blue.  We went upstairs to his apartment, you know, to look for the label maker.
JERRY:  So, how did you get up there?  Did you say you had to use the bathroom?
ELAINE:  No.
JERRY:  Then how'd you get up there?
ELAINE:  I said, "Do you wanna go upstairs?"
GEORGE:  And there's you ticket.
ELAINE:  What?
JERRY:  That's why you're going to the Super Bowl.
ELAINE:  Why?
JERRY:  You go out with a guy one time, you ask him to go upstairs like you're Mae West?  Of course he's gonna try and get you alone for the weekend.
ELAINE:  You mean just because I asked him to go upstairs, he thinks he's going downtown?
JERRY:  Obviously.
ELAINE:  You're crazy.
GEORGE:  Well, what happened when you got upstairs?
ELAINE:  As soon as we walked in, he got a call from one of his patients with an impacted molar or something so he had to leave.  I didn't even get a chance to look for the label maker.
JERRY:  Yeah, well I don't trust this guy.  I think he regifted, he degifted, and now he's using an upstairs invite as a springboard to a Super Bowl sex romp.
[Jerry is in the hallway approaching his apartment door.  Kramer walks out of his apartment.]
KRAMER:  Hey.
JERRY:  Hey.  What are you doing?
KRAMER:  I'm watching your door.
JERRY:  My door?
KRAMER:   Yeah, from my peephole.  Fisheye, sees all.
(Cut to the interior of Jerry's apartment.  Newman sneaks out from the bedroom towards the table where the Risk board is sitting.  He accidentally knocks some CDs off the shelving unit, making a lot of noise.)
JERRY: (still outside)  What was that?
KRAMER:  Newman!
(Jerry begins opening the door, Newman does not have enough time to change the board pieces.)
NEWMAN: (fleeing to the bedroom)  Damn!
JERRY: (after entering)  The bedroom!
(Jerry runs to the bedroom, catching a glimpse of Newman climbing out the open window and up the fire escape.  Jerry and Kramer rush to the window.)
JERRY:  I see you, Newman!  I see you!
KRAMER:  I'm taking the Congo as a penalty!
[Elaine and Tim Whatley are sharing a cab.]
ELAINE:  I've got a confession to make.
TIM:  Oh?  What's that?
ELAINE:  I've got Super Bowl fever.
TIM:  Oh yeah, me too.
ELAINE:  So where are we staying?
TIM:  Oh, the Ambassador.
ELAINE:  Oh.  Big room?
TIM:  It's a regular room, but it's right downtown.
ELAINE:  Downtown?
TIM:  Right downtown.
ELAINE:  What do they have there, a couple of beds?
TIM:  Why?  You bringing someone else?
ELAINE:  No, but don't you think there should be two beds?  There's two of us.
(Tim's grin disappears.)
[George enters Bonnie's apartment.]
BONNIE:  Oh, a cactus.
GEORGE:  They don't need any water, so you don't have to keep taking them to the bathroom.
(They share a laugh.  Scott enters from the back holding a cardboard box.  He places it on a stack of similar boxes.)
SCOTT:  Well, look who's here.
BONNIE:  I asked Scott to move out.
GEORGE:  Oh.  Oh!
[George and Jerry are at Jerry's apartment.  Kramer and Newman are seated at the Risk board on the living room table.]
JERRY:  So she kicked him out of the apartment.
GEORGE:  That's right.  It's just me and her.
JERRY:  Wow, she rearranged her whole life for you.
GEORGE:  I guess she did.  He's gone, now I'm the man.
JERRY:  That's not a good role for you.
GEORGE:  No, it's not.
JERRY:  You unwittingly made a major commitment.  That's a lot of pressure.
GEORGE:  Oh my god.
JERRY:  You wanted to be ensconced in velvet, you're buried.
GEORGE:  I had the perfect situation here, he was shouldering half the load.
JERRY:  He was shouldering.
GEORGE: (walking towards the door)  I couldn't leave well enough alone?!
JERRY:  Where are you going?
GEORGE:  I gotta go help her tape up all his boxes and get them ready for shipping.
JERRY:  Oh, well here.  Take Whatley's label maker, I don't want to see it again.
GEORGE:  Thanks.
KRAMER: (rolling the dice) Yeah.  I am taking over South America and there ain't nothing you can do about it.
JERRY:  So, too bad about that Super Bowl ticket, eh Newman?
NEWMAN:  Yeah.  I just hope Tim Whatley's electric bills don't suddenly get lost in the mail, or it could be lights out for him.
JERRY: (walking out)  Thanks for having me over, guys.
[Jerry and George are out on the street, Tim Whatley comes running up.]
JERRY:  Alright, I'll see you later.
TIM:  Hey Jerry?
JERRY:  Ah, Tim Whatley.  Out scalping?
TIM:  Ah, see, now I've been thinking a lot about what happened and I feel horrible.  Listen, I want to give you a ticket back.
JERRY:  Are you serious, what about Elaine?
TIM: Oh, Elaine.  Yeah, well, things just didn't work out like I thought they would.
JERRY:  Oh.  (notices a car being jacked up by a tow truck)  Hey, isn't this Kramer's car? (yelling up)  Hey, Cosmo!!  They're towing your car!!
KRAMER: (running to the window)  What?!  Not my car!!  Hey!!  They're towing my car!!
(Kramer runs out the door, leaving Newman alone with the Risk board, but only for a moment.  He runs back in and grabs the board.)
NEWMAN:  What are you doing?
KRAMER:  I'm taking the board with me.
(Kramer runs out carrying the board, Newman follows a moment later.)
(Back on the street, Kramer's car is jacked up and the driver is just taking off. Kramer comes running after it, yelling at the driver and balancing the game board with Newman at his heels.)
TIM:  So, I guess I'll see you at the game.
JERRY:  Yeah, see you there.
[George walks into Bonnie's apartment, *everything* is boxed up and Bonnie is taping up the last of the boxes.  He knocks to get her attention.]
BONNIE:  Hi, George.
GEORGE:  What, what happened?  Where's, where's all the stuff?
BONNIE:  It's gone.  It was all his.  Is this a label maker?
GEORGE:  The table, the stereo, the VCR, the velvet couch, where's the velvet?
BONNIE:  They were his.  Besides, we don't need any of those things.  We have each other.
[Kramer and Newman are on a subway car, the Risk board sits on their laps.]
NEWMAN:  Are you sure you know where the impound yard is?
KRAMER:  Oh, stop stalling.  Come on.
NEWMAN:  I can't think, there's all this noise.
KRAMER:  Or is it because I've built a stronghold around Greenland?  I've driven you out of Western Europe and I've left you teetering on the brink of complete annihilation.
NEWMAN:  I'm not beaten yet.  I still have armies in the Ukraine.
(This comment perks up the ears of what appears to be a Russian immigrant.)
KRAMER:  Ha ha, the Ukraine.  Do you know what the Ukraine is?  It's a sitting duck.  A road apple, Newman.  The Ukraine is weak.  It's feeble.  I think it's time to put the hurt on the Ukraine.
UKRAINIAN:  I come from Ukraine.  You not say Ukraine weak.
KRAMER:  Yeah, well we're playing a game here, pal.
UKRAINIAN:  Ukraine is game to you?!  Howbout I take your little board and smash it!!
(The Ukrainian pounds the game board, destroying it and sending army pieces flying.)
[Tim Whatley approaches his building, Elaine is waiting at the door.]
ELAINE:  Hello, Tim.
TIM: (startled)  Elaine, hi.
ELAINE:  Don't worry, Tim.  I didn't come by to yell at you, I didn't come by for that at all.  I just came by to pick up my label maker.  I gave you a label maker and now I would like to have it back.
TIM:  But you gave it to me.
ELAINE:  But you gave me a ticket to the Super Bowl.  Hand it over, Whatley.
TIM:  Uh, ok.
ELAINE:  You don't have the label maker, do you?
TIM:  Uh, no.
ELAINE:  I knew it!  You're a regifter!
TIM:  Oh, yeah, some gift.  That thing didn't work at all.
ELAINE:  What?
TIM:  You put a label on something, then ten minutes later it would peel right off.  It was the worst gift I ever got.
ELAINE: (visibly upset)  Well, I bought it for you because you were so nice to me for not charging me for the dental work.  The way you worked on my filling, you were so, so gentle and so caring and so sensitive.
TIM:  Oh, Elaine!
(They embrace passionately.)
[First the exterior, then the interior of a mail truck.  Boxes are being jostled. A close-up of a box labeled with "Scott Thomas" and a street address is shown. The labels fall off the box, one by one.]
[First the exterior, then the interior of a football stadium.  Jerry is walking down the aisle.]
JERRY:  H... G... F.  Seat four.  One, two, three... f-- Hello Newman.
NEWMAN:  Hello, Jerry.  Tim couldn't make it, he's in love.  Isn't that wonderful?
JERRY:  Oh, it's enchanting.
[George is bringing a portable TV to Bonnie's so they can watch the game.]
BONNIE:  Hi.
GEORGE:  Here's the TV.  I know you wanted to watch the Super Bowl.  Do you at least have some towels we could sit on?  It's, like, a four hour game.
BONNIE:  George, Scott's gonna drop by.  He said he never got his boxes.  I'll get the towels.
GEORGE: (internally)  How am I gonna get out of this?  Think Costanza, think!
BONNIE:  Here we are.
GEORGE:  Hey, do you know, Bonnie, I just had a pretty wild idea.
BONNIE:  What is it?
GEORGE:  Well I, uh, I'm not sure how you pronounce it or anything, but I, uh, I believe it's Ménage à Trois?
BONNIE:  What?
(Just then, Scott enters.)
SCOTT:  Hi.
BONNIE:  Scott!  Remember what we talked about the other day?  George is into it.
SCOTT:  Oh really?!
(Scott walks towards George, the camera moves in on a close-up of an increasingly horrified George, and freezes.)
[Jerry and Newman are at the Super Bowl]
NEWMAN:  Great streak of luck I'm having.  First, Kramer almost beat me at Risk but I narrowly escaped, and then Tim Whatley gives me his Super Bowl ticket.
JERRY:  Can you move over at all?!
NEWMAN:  And then, just as I'm about to go, these boxes show up at the post office with no labels.  No labels, Jerry.  You know what that means?  Freebies!! I got this great mini-TV and a VCR, oh it's unbelievable.
JERRY:  An inch!  Can you move over an inch?!?
[Opening Monologue]
The big new accessory with eyeglasses, seems to be that strap, that connects in the back so you can take 'em on and off. Which I don't get, because I thought, if you have glasses, isn't that because you need to wear glasses? 'You need glasses', isn't that what they say? I mean, an eye doctor doesn't say 'Would you care for some glasses?' When people have crutches, they don't have like a little chain attached to their belt, so they can just let go of 'em every now and then. Why not get a toupee with a rubber band for when you're water-skiing, the thing could just... (mimes semi-airborne wig with hand)
[Street]
(George hurrying along, he passes Gary who recognises him.)
GARY: Hey George.
GEORGE: Gary? Well, well, well well. Where the hell've you been? I've been leaving you phone messages for months.
GARY: I know. I've been pretty busy.
GEORGE: Busy. Don't give me busy. Who's not busy? I'm busy, we're all busy, everybody's busy. All right, tell me, what's kept you so busy?
GARY: Mostly chemotherapy. 'Kay, I'll see you.
[Different Street]
(A cop, with an eye patch, is writing a ticket for a car. Kramer is about to cross the street. He waits for a car to pass. As it passes, a tray of litter is tossed from its window and lands near Kramer.)
KRAMER: (to car as it accelerates away) Hey pig!
(The cop hears this and turns to see who said it. As he does so, the car he is ticketing starts up and speeds away.)
COP: (at car) Hey! Hey! Hey!
(Kramer takes advantage of the distraction to run away.)
[Jerry's Apartment]
JERRY: So you called the cop a pig?
KRAMER: I was yelling at the litterbug. I mean this is my town. You don't throw trash on the streets of my town.
JERRY: Didn't you explain that to the cop?
KRAMER: No, I fled the scene.
(George enters. He looks disquieted.)
JERRY: (to George) Hey.
KRAMER: (to George) Hey buddy.
GEORGE: Hey, uh...
KRAMER: What?
GEORGE: Kramer, I, I, I, uh, I need to talk to Jerry privately.
KRAMER: Oh. What about?
GEORGE: Kramer...
KRAMER: Aw come on George, you can share it with me, huh?
(Kramer grabs George in a headlock.)
GEORGE: Hey, you're hurting me!
KRAMER: You gonna share it with me next time, huh?
GEORGE: I swear, I swear!
KRAMER: Aw, all right, I'm looking forward to it.
(He releases George from the headlock and exits, but he closes the door slowly and can be seen peering in through the decreasing gap until it finally shuts completely. Jerry and George watch him until the door is closed.)
GEORGE: Right, I got news. You ready? (deep breath) Gary Fogel had cancer.
JERRY: Oh yeah, I knew.
GEORGE: You knew? How did you know?
JERRY: He told me a few months ago.
GEORGE: Why did he tell you and not me?
JERRY: I don't know.
GEORGE: How are you closer to him than me?
(Jerry shrugs.)
GEORGE: So, is he okay?
JERRY: Oh yeah, he's fine, fine. He was in bad shape for a while though.
GEORGE: Huh, really? How bad? Was he on his death bed?
JERRY: No, he was on his regular bed.
GEORGE: So why didn't you tell me?
JERRY: He swore me to secrecy.
GEORGE: So?
JERRY: It's not like you're my wife.
GEORGE: Well, I still think you shoulda told me.
JERRY: Hey, believe me, you were better off not knowing. It's not easy to deal with someone in a situation like this. I was so nice to him I almost made myself sick.
GEORGE: Well, I wanna talk to him about this.
JERRY: That's right, you let him have it.
GEORGE: Mmm-mm.
JERRY: Who is he not to tell you about his life-threatening illness?
GEORGE: That's what I'm saying.
JERRY: His illness is your business.
GEORGE: If not mine, whose?
JERRY: If not now, when?
(The door opens and Elaine enters. She senses a conversation has just ceased.)
ELAINE: Were you just talking about me?
GEORGE: No, an old friend of ours, Gary.
ELAINE: Oh, the guy with cancer?
GEORGE: (to Jerry, yelling) You told her? She's not your wife!
JERRY: If I told you, you woulda given it away.
GEORGE: You don't think I can keep a secret?
JERRY: No, but he would've read your face.
GEORGE: You don't trust my poker face?
JERRY: Do you ever win at poker?
GEORGE: (shamefaced) No.
(Door opens and Kramer enters. He sees Elaine.)
KRAMER: Hey. (to Elaine) Oh, I just saw your old boyfriend on TV.
ELAINE: Egh, Jake Jarmel?
KRAMER: Yeah. I really liked those glasses he was wearing. Where'd he get those.
ELAINE: Why? You don't wear glasses.
KRAMER: I know, I know. But I need a new look, I'm stagnating.
GEORGE: I have to say, as a glasses wearer I take exception to that. That's like me buying a wheelchair to cruise around in.
KRAMER: Yeah, I've considered that. (to Elaine) Look, how do I get in touch with this guy?
ELAINE: Well, he's having a two day book signing at Waldens.
KRAMER: Ah.
ELAINE: You know, we had a really bad break-up.
JERRY: The Jujy Fruits?
ELAINE: (upset) Yeah, the Jujy Fruits.
[Waldenbooks]
(A queue of people wait to have their hardbacks signed by Jake Jarmel, who sits at a table, wearing spectacles with dark oval frames. Kramer is having his copy signed.)
JAKE: Okay, K-Man, enjoy the book.
KRAMER: Okay, thank you. Listen Jake, uh, where did you get those eyeglass frames?
JAKE: I can't tell you that.
KRAMER: So you don't know where you got 'em?
JAKE: Yes I do. But I don't want anyone else to have them.
KRAMER: Well, that's peculiar. (leaves)
[Monk's]
(George and Gary sit in a booth. Among the other customers is an attractive woman sitting in the corner, reading a book.)
GEORGE: Eh, there's that woman that never talks to anybody.
GARY: Really?
GEORGE: Every day she comes in, she sits at that table and reads. Never talks to anybody.
GARY: Oh, I talked to Debby Bibelo. She said to say hi.
GEORGE: (pleasant surprise) Really? (admonishing) You know Gary, I really have to say, I'm a little bit hurt that you didn't decide to confide in me.
GARY: Well frankly, you can't keep a secret. You know, you'd get two pair, the whole table knows.
GEORGE: Well I still think it was wrong.
GARY: Right, well I'm sorry, all right. I guess I was just thinking of myself.
GEORGE: (well, obviously) Yes.
[Another street]
(Kramer is talking to the eyepatch-wearing cop.)
KRAMER: ...so I called the litterbug a pig, not you. I like policeman. I wanted to be a policeman.
COP: Yeah? So why didn't you?
KRAMER: Scared of being shot.
COP: Mr Kramer, let me tell you a story. In nineteen-seventy-nine I ticketed a brown Dodge Diplomat for parking in a Church zone. That fine was never paid, and since then that scofflaw has piled up more parking tickets than anyone in New York City. For sixteen years I pursued him, only to see him give me the slip time and time again. I never got a clean look at his face, but he's become my 'white whale'. Mr Kramer, that day was yesterday! But thanks to you, I don't know if I'll ever get that chance again!
KRAMER: I like that eye patch.
[Monks']
GEORGE: (standing) All right, I'm gonna move my car, my meter's up. Can't park in this city.
GARY: (standing) Hey, George, listen. You know that company I work for, they own that parking lot around the corner.
GEORGE: Wha, that's a Kinney lot?
GARY: Yeah, and there's a space opening up, and I could get it for you. You just have to pay the tax on it. It'd be like, fifty a month.
GEORGE: Fifty bucks a month, that's incredible! Okay, thanks.
GARY: All right, I got lunch, all right.
GEORGE: You still owe me a secret.
GARY: All right, listen. There is something I haven't told you, all right?
GEORGE: Yeah?
GARY: Yeah, but uhm, you can't tell Jerry.
GEORGE: What do think I tell Jerry everything? It's not like he's my wife.
GARY: Okay. Well, the thing is, I've been living a lie.
GEORGE: Just one? I'm living like twenty. (chuckles) What's yours?
GARY: Well, I (laughs) I never actually had cancer. (laughs) I'll see you. (leaves)
[Jerry's apartment]
(Kramer and Jerry sit on the couch, Elaine in the chair. Kramer and Elaine are talking, Jerry reads a magazine.)
ELAINE: So he refused to tell you where he got the glasses?
KRAMER: (rising) Flat out refused! (walks past Jerry, who moves his legs)
ELAINE: Yeah, isn't that just like him? (she steps over Jerry's legs) You know, he has to be the only one who has 'em.
KRAMER: Yeah, tell me about it, soul sister. (he opens the door to leave) Anyway, I told Jake that you said hi.
ELAINE: What? (she slams the door shut before Kramer can exit) You told Jake I said hi?
KRAMER: Yeah.
ELAINE: I can't believe you did that! Why did you tell him I said hi? I never said hi! (to Jerry) When did I say hi?
JERRY: I never heard her say hi.
KRAMER: Well, it's uh, common courtesy.
ELAINE: No, no. (stamps foot) Kramer, you don't understand. He made the last contact between us. I had the upper hand in the post-breakup relationship. If he thinks that I said hi, then I lose the upper hand.
JERRY: It's like a game of tag.
(Elaine gathers her stuff together, ready to leave.)
JERRY: Where you going?
ELAINE: Nowhere.
JERRY: You're going to the book store to see Jake Jarmel, aren't you?
ELAINE: So what if I do? (heads for the door)
KRAMER: (to the exiting Elaine) Yeah, well, listen. If you're going there, (following her out the door) maybe you can get him to tell you where he got those glasses. (shouting after her) Elaine!
(George enters as Kramer and Elaine leave. He closes the door behind him.)
JERRY: Hey. How'd it go with Gary?
GEORGE: (shifty, avoiding Jerry's eyes) Fine, fine. (he removes his coat)
JERRY: (suspicious) Really?
GEORGE: (shifty) Yeah.
JERRY: You look like something's on your mind.
GEORGE: No. Nothing. Fine. (he sits at the table)
JERRY: So, that's your poker face.
GEORGE: My regular face.
JERRY: No it isn't. I've seen your regular face. That is not it.
GEORGE: What are you saying?
JERRY: All right George, c'mon, what d'you got? (sits opposite George)
GEORGE: I got nothing.
JERRY: What you got, a pair of bullets?
GEORGE: What you talking about?
JERRY: Two pair? Three of a kind?
GEORGE: Will you stop it?
JERRY: Oh my God, you got a flush! You're holding a flush!
GEORGE: I don't have a flush.
JERRY: A full house? You got a full house? Turn 'em over George, I wanna see 'em. Come on, I'm calling! (thumps hand on table) What d'you got!
GEORGE: (broken, shouts) Gary Fogel never had cancer!
[Waldenbooks]
(Jake Jarmel is at the same table as before. Elaine is talking to him. There are other people queuing behind her.)
ELAINE: So you see, Kramer took it upon himself to say hi to you from me. When in fact it was an unauthorised hi.
JAKE: You're saying you didn't say hi.
ELAINE: That's what I'm saying.
JAKE: So that's what you came down here to tell me?
ELAINE: Correct.
JAKE: You never said hi?
ELAINE: Correct.
JAKE: You still like me, don't you?
ELAINE: Correct. (catches herself) What's that?
MAN: Hey, I have been trying to get this book signed all day.
ELAINE: (takes the book from the guy and signs it herself) How can you say that I still like you, when I didn't even say hi to you?
JAKE: Elaine, coming down here to say that you didn't say hi is more of a gesture than if you did say hi.
ELAINE: Ah, Jake... (realises his logic) I, uh...
[Jerry's apartment]
GEORGE: The doctors thought he had cancer, but the surgery revealed he never actually had it.
JERRY: So what was wrong with him?
GEORGE: Nothing!
JERRY: So he's been lying to me for two months?!
GEORGE: That's right.
JERRY: What kind of person is this? There's only one other person who might be able to do something like this, and that's you.
GEORGE: Well...
JERRY: I don't even think you could do it.
GEORGE: Oh, I could do it.
JERRY: Yeah, I guess you could.
GEORGE: (snorts) C'mon.
JERRY: Did you know he was so worried about losing more hair if he had to get chemo treatment, I bought him an unlimited gift certificate at the Hair Team For Men, just to put his mind at ease?
GEORGE: You did that?
JERRY: Yeah. Oh, I can't wait to talk to this guy. (moves to pick up phone)
GEORGE: Wait a minute, wait a minute. You can't say anything. (rushes to take phone from Jerry)
JERRY: Why not?
GEORGE: (puts down handset) Because he'll know I told you. Besides, he's giving me a parking spot around the corner for practically nothing.
JERRY: So you're telling me, because you're getting free parking, I gotta pretend this guy had cancer when he didn't?
GEORGE: Yeah.
JERRY: Well I don't like it. I don't like it one bit! And, I'm supposed to see him tomorrow.
GEORGE: Yeah, well you have to maintain the same disposition too. You can't start acting any differently. You have to be nice.
JERRY: Why didn't he tell me?
GEORGE: Because you were being so nice.
JERRY: I don't think I can be that nice.
GEORGE: (shouts) You be nice!
(George and Jerry turn their backs to other and angrily stalk away from each other.)
[Monk's]
(Jerry enters. He looks around for Gary, and does a double-take as he see him sitting in a booth, wearing a wig.)
JERRY: Gary?
GARY: What d'you think? Check it out. (he tries a number of expressions, turning his head side to side, to show off the hairpiece)
JERRY: Is that from my gift certificate?
GARY: Yeah buddy. You really came through for me man. You've been so nice. (shakes Jerry by the hand)
JERRY: (through gritted teeth) Yeah, well, I'm glad you could take advantage.
GARY: Hey, you know what I'm thinking of doing? I'm getting rid of all my fillings, 'cos that mercury's toxic. Hey, let me see your fillings.
JERRY: I don't think so.
GARY: Oh come on, open up. Let me take a look.
(Jerry can be seen struggling against his instincts. He hears George's words from earlier.)
GEORGE (V.O.): You be nice! He's giving me a parking space (echoes) parking space... parking space...
(Jerry leans forward and opens his mouth, but he's not happy about it.)
GARY: (peering in) Well, what d'you know. Hey, lookee there, you're loaded.
JERRY: Okay. (shuts mouth)
GARY: Hey, look who's over there. Miss Cool-toes. Check this out, Jack! (rises)
(Kramer enters. He's wearing an eyepatch like the cop's.)
KRAMER: (to Jerry) Hey buddy.
JERRY: Hey. Look at you. Wha... what's this?
KRAMER: It's an eyepatch.
JERRY: You look like a pirate.
KRAMER: I wanna be a pirate.
JERRY: (gesturing) This is Gary.
KRAMER: (to Gary) How you doing?
GARY: All right.
(Kramer goes to shake Gary by the hand, but due to his impaired vision, he misses by several inches at the first attempt. He lifts the patch up to restore his depth perception. They shake, and Gary leaves to talk to the 'girl who never talks'. Kramer moves to sit in the vacant seat.)
KRAMER: Well, I tell you there's only one problem.
(Kramer sits down, misjudges the seat and almost slides under the table. He upsets plates and glasses.)
JERRY: Can't see on your right side?
KRAMER: No. It's uh, (swaps patch to the other eye) it's itchy
[George's car]
DEBBY: Nice car.
GEORGE: Yeah. Once belonged to Jon Voight.
DEBBY: So, what made you just call me out of the blue like that?
GEORGE: Oh, well, uh. Gary told me you said hi.
DEBBY: I didn't say hi.
GEORGE: You didn't?
DEBBY: Uh, no. I told him to send you my regards. I didn't say hi.
GEORGE: Regards?
DEBBY: Yeah, regards.
[Cab]
ELAINE: Anyway, I admit I was dumb to go to the bookstore to tell him I didn't say hi, but he didn't have to act so smug. Oh, I hate smugness. Don't you hate smugness?
CABBIE: (heavy accent) Smugness is not a good quality.
ELAINE: (looking out of window) Oh my God. That man over there. I think he's wearing glasses that look just like Jake's. Pull over, stop the car. (hands money to cabbie as she exits) Here, here. I think I got a way of getting back at my ex-boyfriend.
CABBIE: Good. Revenge is very good.
[Street]
(Elaine is running after a guy who is indeed wearing identical spectacles to Mr Jarmel.)
ELAINE: (calling down street) 'Scuse me! 'Scuse me. (catches up to guy) Excuse me, sir. Sir?
GUY: Yes?
ELAINE: Uh. Ah, if you don't mind my asking, could you tell me where you got your glasses?
GUY: Malaysia.
ELAINE: Malaysia?
GUY: Yeah.
ELAINE: Uhm, look, I know this'll sound odd, but can I buy them from you?
GUY: Actually, I was gonna buy a new pair.
ELAINE: (positive) Oh! (little chuckle)
GUY: But I, I can barely see without these.
ELAINE: C'mon.
GUY: Well, these were expensive.
ELAINE: Let's start the bidding.
[George's car]
GEORGE: So, you didn't think this was a date?
DEBBY: N... no, not really. Why, is it... a date?
GEORGE: I thought it was a date.
DEBBY: No. It's not a date.
GEORGE: What about the regards?
DEBBY: Regards don't mean anything. I mean, it's not like I said hi. Hey, the fact is... (sighs) I shouldn't say anything.
GEORGE: No, tell me.
DEBBY: Can you keep a secret?
GEORGE: Me? Oh yeah.
DEBBY: (deep breath) I never had feelings for Gary until he got sick. But, h... he was so brave and... and gained such a wonderful perspective on life. I... I fell in love with him.
GEORGE: Oh, the guy's got some perspective there.
[Monk's]
(Jerry and Kramer in their booth.)
JERRY: Hey, do you know what the Whip does?
KRAMER: What whip?
JERRY: The Whip. In the Senate, in the House.
KRAMER: Well, you know in the old days, when the senators didn't vote the way that the party leaders wanted 'em to... they whipped them. (holds imaginary whip) You better vote the way we want you to, or there's gonna be big trouble. (cracks invisible whip and makes sound effect)
(Gary returns from talking to the 'girl who never talks'.)
GARY: She won't talk to anyone, huh? Oh no, she won't say a word to anybody. Well, she's talking a blue streak now, Jack!
[Street]
(The eye patch-wearing cop spots a familiar Dodge.)
COP: Well, well. The 'white whale'.
(He moves in for the kill.)
[George's car]
GEORGE: (frustrated) Oh, look at this. There's no place to park around here. I don't even know why they sell cars in Manhattan.
DEBBY: Don't complain, at least you have your health.
[Street]
The guy Elaine bought the glasses from is peering blurrily about. It's clear he
can barely see anything. He steps between cars and out into the road.
[George's car]
DEBBY: George, look out for that man!
[Monk's]
(The sound of tires squealing is heard from outside, followed immediately by the crash of cars colliding. Kramer leaps to his feet and heads out to investigate.)
[Street]
(The cop has obviously been distracted by the same noises whilst writing a ticket. The scofflaw has taken advantage, and the Dodge squeals away, passing Kramer as he emerges from Monk's.)
COP: (to escaping car) Hey! Hey, get back here!
KRAMER: (looking after fleeing car) Newman! The white whale!
[Jerry's apartment]
GEORGE: Can you believe he sold his glasses on the street?
JERRY: Can you believe someone would lie about chemotherapy to get a wig? Would you do that?
GEORGE: No. Definitely not.
JERRY: Yeah.
GEORGE: I'm pretty sure I wouldn't.
JERRY: And you know what else? He picked up that woman in the coffee shop.
GEORGE: The one who always sits by herself?
JERRY: Yeah!
GEORGE: How did he do that?
JERRY: Because he was brimming with confidence from the toupee.
GEORGE: Really? And Debby told me that she fell in love with him because he has all this perspective!
JERRY: She thinks a guy who lies about a life-threatening illness, so he can get some phony hair has perspective?
GEORGE: (opening door to leave) He picked her up?
JERRY: Walked right over to her table.
GEORGE: Wow. (he runs his fingers through his hair, and then brushes the resulting fallout off his jacket)
[Waldenbooks]
(Jake still at the signing table. People still queuing. Elaine skips past the queue.)
ELAINE: Jake, Jake. Take a look. (puts on the frames she bought) Aaw, see, you're not the only one who has 'em. I have them too.
JAKE: Where did you get those?
ELAINE: Malaysia. I was in the area.
(Jake thumps the desk in frustrated rage.)
[Newman's car]
(Newman is sitting alone. The door opens and Kramer jumps in.)
NEWMAN: (surprised) Kramer.
KRAMER: Just drive.
(Newman puts the car in gear and sets off.)
KRAMER: All right. Now you listen, and you listen good. I know who you are. You're the scofflaw.
NEWMAN: (defensive) What're you talking about...
KRAMER: (interrupting) Ah, don't play dumb. It's me, Cosmo.
NEWMAN: All right, so it's me. So what?
KRAMER: You don't think I know how you're feeling, every second of the day? Looking over your shoulder to see if someone's coming up from behind. Sitting alone at night, knowing they could be closing in.
NEWMAN: I can't sleep, I tell you! I can't sleep!
KRAMER: Ga, of course you can't, you poor sap! Now why didn't you tell me?
NEWMAN: I couldn't. I couldn't tell anyone.
KRAMER: So you been living this secret the whole time by yourself?
NEWMAN: (sobbing) Yes, it's been awful. I wanted to tell somebody. (pleading) Help me Kramer! Help me!
KRAMER: All right, all right, I'm gonna help you.
[Street]
(George and Jerry, walking together.)
GEORGE: I'll try some on and see how they look. It's just hair.
JERRY: You ever see what that thing looks like in the back? You got your natural little curls on the bottom, and then that big phony mat coming down on top of 'em.
GEORGE: Well, some of 'em look good. The ones that look good you don't even know about.
JERRY: What if you get involved with a woman? How're you gonna tell her?
GEORGE: The way they make 'em these days, I'll never have to tell her.
JERRY: So you keep it a secret your whole life, then at your funeral the mortician comes out (as mortician) 'Here, Mrs Costanza, I thought you might want this'. (as Mrs Costanza, horrified) Aahh!
[Monk's]
(Elaine and Mr Lippman, sitting in a booth.)
LIPPMAN: It's no secret that it's my dream to have my own publishing house, and if this Jake Jarmel book does, you know, what I think it's gonna do. If I can get this whole thing off the ground, then , you know, I think I'll have something for you. (laughs)
ELAINE: Oh, Mr Lippman. (joins laughter) That is so exciting. I mean, you have no idea how sick I am of running around town looking for socks.
LIPPMAN: Yeah, by the way, those are great glasses.
ELAINE: Oh really, you like 'em?
LIPPMAN: Uh huh. Very unusual.
ELAINE: Well, you know what? (removes glasses)
LIPPMAN: What?
ELAINE: (hands them over) You can have 'em.
LIPPMAN: Oh, no no no. (waves them away) Please.
ELAINE: No no no no. Go to that place on the corner, they'll change the prescription in an hour. Take 'em.
LIPPMAN: Really?
ELAINE: Yeah, I've no use for them anymore. Honestly.
LIPPMAN: (accepting) I could use a new pair of reading glasses.
ELAINE: They're from Malaysia.
LIPPMAN: (putting on spectacles) Oh yeah?
ELAINE: (admiring gasp) Fabulous.
[Courtroom]
(Newman stands before a female Judge. Kramer stands beside him. There are the usual personnel for a courtroom.)
JUDGE: Well Mr Newman, in all my years on the bench, I have never come across anything quite like this. I have given this matter some very serious consideration and I've decided that what's best for the city and possibly for yourself, is for you to keep your car, in a garage...
(Newman bursts into anguished tears.)
JUDGE: ...convenient to your home.
NEWMAN: (sobbing) I can't afford that!
JUDGE: Afford it you will, Mr Newman. Or this court will see that your car is impounded...
(Newman's sobbing reaches new heights.)
JUDGE: ...and sold at auction.
KRAMER: Well, don't you worry, your honour. He's in my custody.
(The judge peers at Kramer. She does not look impressed by this statement.)
[Hair Team For Men]
(George, Jerry and a Salesman, wearing a substandard toupee, are in a fitting room (?). George is sitting before a mirror, trying on a wig, assisted by the salesman, while Jerry looks on.)
GEORGE: (to Jerry) Well, what d'you think?
JERRY: (unimpressed) I, really can't say.
GEORGE: No, say. I want you to say.
JERRY: It's not good, okay. It's not good. You look (searches for word) stupid. (to salesman) I'm sorry.
SALESMAN: You have to realise this has not been custom-fitted to his scalp.
GEORGE: (examining reflection) I really think this looks pretty good.
JERRY: Why don't you get a pair of white shoes, move down to Miami Beach and get the whole thing over with?
GEORGE: (to salesman) Well, maybe you could show me something else.
SALESMAN: As I said, it'll be different once we design something specifically for you. But I don't think your friend here is being very helpful.
JERRY: Oh, hey, I'm being helpful. I am the only one being helpful!
SALESMAN: (getting annoyed) No, I don't think you're being helpful! I think you're being disruptive, and you make it very difficult for your friend here to improve his life!
JERRY: Hey! I'm trying to prevent my friend from becoming one of those guys people snicker at behind their back, because they look ridiculous! No offence to you personally!
SALESMAN: (angry) All you people with hair think you're so damn superior! You have no idea what it's like. You ever look down in the bottom of your tub and see a fist fulla hair? How'd you like to start your day with that?! (looks ready to punch Jerry)
JERRY: All right! Take it easy! Take it easy.
GEORGE: (leaps to feet) Jerry!
JERRY: I'm sorry.
GEORGE: Please. (sits again)
(The door opens and Gary enters. He's humming to himself.)
GARY: Hey Jerry, th... (spots George) George, you decided to get a rug! Good for you, Jack!
GEORGE: Well, I'm, I'm just looking.
GARY: Oh. (to salesman) Uh, Tommy, I'm gonna need a little adjustment.
SALESMAN: I'll be right with you.
(The salesman/Tommy leaves.)
GARY: Listen, George, I got some bad news. I'm not gonna be able to give you that parking space.
GEORGE: What?
JERRY: What?
GARY: This judge has to use it for some scofflaw. And you know you can't fight City Hall.
(Jerry gives a questioning look to George, who responds with a 'go ahead' expression.)
JERRY: You know, Gary (slams shut the door) I had a little chat with George the other day...
GARY: (to George) You didn't?!
GEORGE: (admiring himself in mirror) I did.
JERRY: (advancing on Gary) ...and he told me that that... (becomes indistinct)
(We see George continuing to admire himself as, off-camera, Gary and Jerry are heard struggling for possession of Gary's wig.)
GARY: (indistinct) I'm not a hundred percent recovered yet!
JERRY: Gimme that thing!
[Monk's]
(Typical number of customers. George enters, wearing his new toupee. One or two of the staff give him a glance. He looks around, and taps the counter by the cash register. A beautiful brunette sitting at the nearest table give him an admiring look.)
GEORGE: How's your life? All right?
WOMAN: Yeah, not bad at all.
(She pushes the chair opposite her out from the table in an invitation for George to sit down. George looks pleasantly surprised by the beneficial effects of his hairpiece.)
[Press conference]
(Mr Lippman and Jake Jarmel are on a small stage with a lectern. In front of it are a group of reporters and, amongst them sits Elaine.)
LIPPMAN: (at lectern) And now, uh, ladies and gentlemen of the press, it is my pleasure to introduce you to Mr Jake Jarmel. (he applauds Jake as he vacates the lectern in his favour)
(There is a brief ripple of applause as Jake steps up to take questions.)
REPORTER: So Jake, what's your percentage on this book?
(Several of the reporters laugh, as does Jake. Mr Lippman steps back to the lectern. He has some notes, and is extracting his glasses from his pocket.)
LIPPMAN: Oh, actually I, uh, I have some very interesting information on that. (puts on glasses) You know, uh, this is a co-venture and as...
JAKE: (notices glasses) Where did you get those?
LIPPMAN: ... as such, it...
JAKE: Those glasses, where did you get those glasses?
LIPPMAN: (confused) Where... what?
JAKE: (to Elaine) Is this supposed to be some kind of a joke on me? Because it's not very funny. (to the nonplussed Lippman) Give me those! (yelling) I want the glasses! Give me those!
(He tries to pull them from Lippman's face, and a struggle ensues. Jake can be heard demanding the glasses. The reporters endeavour to get a view of the noisy fracas. Elaine rises and begins to make her way toward the exit. She is apologetic to her neighbour.)
ELAINE: (mouths) 'Scuse me. Have to go (audible) look for some socks.
[At Jerry's apartment.]
JERRY: Look at you. Why don't you use a fork? You're no good with the sticks.
ELAINE: I know. I need a lesson.
JERRY: You stink. You know you stink. What is this?
ELAINE: Oh. My ballet tickets.
JERRY: Oh. Your ballet tickets.
ELAINE: Hey, have you ever been to the ballet?
JERRY: No, but I've seen people on tiptoes.
ELAINE: You know, I'm going as a beard.
JERRY: A beard?
ELAINE: Yeah. This friend of a friend knows this banker guy, he's, I don't know, 30 years, unbelievably gorgeous, of course he's gay.
JERRY: Yes.
ELAINE: So anyway his boss has a box at the Met and he invited us to see Swan Lake, which is fine, but he's afraid that his boss can't handle his orientation, so I'm going along as his date.
JERRY: Why are you doing this?
ELAINE: Swan Lake, at the Met.
(Kramer enters.)
KRAMER: Oh, Chinese food. I knew I smelled something.
ELAINE: Hey, is George still wearing that toupee?
JERRY: Yeah.
ELAINE: Doesn't he know how ridiculous he looks in that thing?
KRAMER: I think he looks fantastic.
ELAINE: Oh, come on.
KRAMER: No, I never realized what an attractive man he is.
(George enters, wearing a toupee.)
GEORGE: Hey, people, people, people, people, people. Not bad, huh? Excuse me.
ELAINE: You look ridiculous in that thing.
GEORGE: Is that so? Or could it be that you're just a *little* bit worried that you may have missed the boat?
ELAINE: Well I think they might have sutured that thing to your brain.
GEORGE: Ha ha ha ha, oh all right, go ahead, deride, deride if you must. But let me tell you something, with my personality and this set of hair, you know what I am now? I am in the game. I no longer defer to the coifed. I'm a player.
KRAMER: You know I just thought of something. I know this gorgeous woman, she called me up this morning, she's moving into the city, and she asked me if I know of anyone she could meet. Now you can go out with her.
JERRY: Well what about me?
KRAMER: No I think he's got you beat buddy.
GEORGE: So she's gorgeous.
KRAMER: Oh yeah, last time I saw her she was, five years ago.
GEORGE: Well have you got a picture?
KRAMER: No.
GEORGE: Well, I have to see her.
KRAMER: Hey, I know what we can do. I've got a friend who works over at the police station. He's a composite artist.
GEORGE: Really?
KRAMER: Yeah, yeah, maybe I can get him to draw a picture of her for you.
GEORGE: Oh I would love that. You think he'd really do it?
KRAMER: Yeah, yeah. I think he will.
JERRY: It sounds like an excellent idea.
KRAMER: Hey Jerry, you want this, cause I'm going to give it to a homeless person.
(Jerry, George, and Kramer walking down the street.)
GEORGE: Well I'm very excited about this. I've always wanted to see how those sketch artists do it.
KRAMER: Here you go brother. Some food for you.
HOMELESS MAN: Thank you. You're a good man. Bless you.
KRAMER: Now are you going to be here in an hour?
HOMELESS MAN: Where am I going?
[At the police station.]
KRAMER: Oh that's good, that's good. Make the eyes, uh, what's that nut?
LOU: Almond?
KRAMER: Almond. Yeah. Make the lips fuller. Poutier.
GEORGE: Pouty? I like that.
JERRY: You can't go wrong with pouty.
GEORGE: I'm excited about the pouty.
LOU: All right I think that about does it.
KRAMER: All right George, come on, take a look.
GEORGE: Oh yeah, you were right. She's gorgeous.
JERRY: Hey, Lou, who's that woman over there?
LOU: Oh, that's Sergeant Tierney. Nice officer. You want to meet her?
(Walking down the street.)
GEORGE: Well this worked out okay. So are you going to see the police woman?
JERRY: Yeah, I think I will. I like the idea of having the law on my side.
KRAMER: Hey, man. Enjoy the food?
HOMELESS MAN: Yes I did. Where did the Chinese learn to cook like that?
KRAMER: Oh, listen, I'll take that Tupperware now.
HOMELESS MAN: I don't think so.
KRAMER: Woah, woah, that's mine.
HOMELESS MAN: You gave it to me.
KRAMER: No, no, I didn't say you could keep it. You see I don't give away tupperware.
HOMELESS MAN: You should have said something.
KRAMER: I didn't think I had to. Look with a piece of Tupperware you just assume.
[At the ballet.]
ROBERT: I've really got to thank you for this.
ELAINE: Well by now, you think people would be a little more open minded.
ROBERT: Really. Would you excuse me? I have to run to the bathroom.
BOSS' WIFE: So, um, you and Robert.
ELAINE: Yes indeed.
BOSS: I'm surprised.
ELAINE: Really. Why?
BOSS: No reason.
ELAINE: Well believe me this didn't happen overnight. Robert's not exactly a *one* *woman* *man*, if you know what I mean. No sirree Bob. Sure, I mean in a lot of ways, he's a typical guy, he likes his sports, but he counters that side with the side you see here tonight at the ballet, or the pleasure he gets in watching Ms. Liza Minelli belt out a few choice numbers. It's those two halves of his personality that just come together to make him the very special guy that he is.
(Robert comes back.)
ELAINE: Oh, hi honey.
(Elaine grabs Robert and kisses him.)
[At Monk's.]
ELAINE: Oh it was such a great night.
JERRY: And did they suspect anything?
ELAINE: No, I was a fantastic beard. I held hands, I called him honey.
JERRY: And we discover yet another talent. Posing as a girlfriend for homosexuals.
ELAINE: Oh it was such a great night. Oh.
JERRY: You said that already.
ELAINE: Oh I did?
JERRY: Yeah.
ELAINE: Oh.
JERRY: Oh no. Don't tell me. You like him?
ELAINE: He's incredible.
JERRY: Yeah, but?
ELAINE: Yeah, I know.
JERRY: So?
ELAINE: What?
JERRY: Not conversion. You're thinking conversion?
ELAINE: Well it did occur to me.
JERRY: You think you can get him to just change teams? He's not going to suddenly switch sides. Forget about it.
ELAINE: Why? Is it irrevocable?
JERRY: Because when you join that team it's not a whim. He likes his team. He's set with that team.
ELAINE: We've got a good team.
JERRY: Yeah, we do. We do have a good team.
ELAINE: Why can't he play for us?
JERRY: They're only comfortable with *their* equipment.
ELAINE: We just got along *so* great.
JERRY: Of course you did. Everyone gets along great when there's no possibility of sex.
ELAINE: No, no, no, I sensed something. I did sense something. I perceived a possibility Jerry.
JERRY: You realize you're venturing into uncharted waters.
ELAINE: I realize that.
JERRY: Are you that desperate?
ELAINE: Yes I am.
[At Jerry's apartment. He is on the phone.]
JERRY: So are you going to bring your gun?... All right, then it's settled. First date, no weapons... All right I'll see you then... Okay, bye.
(Kramer enters. He goes into the kitchen and starts searching.)
JERRY: What are you looking for?
KRAMER: Tupperware.
JERRY: Sorry. I don't have any tupperware.
KRAMER: I knew this was going to happen. I just made a delicious casserole, but now it won't keep because I have no Tupperware.
JERRY: What about a plastic bag?
KRAMER: You must be kidding.
JERRY: What is the difference?
KRAMER: The patented burp, Jerry. It locks in freshness.
(George enters.)
GEORGE: So I spoke a little to your little friend Denise last night.
KRAMER: Oh yeah, you talked to her.
GEORGE: Yeah for two hours. She's nuts about you.
KRAMER: Yeah well we go way back.
GEORGE: Why didn't anything happen between you two?
KRAMER: Who's to say it didn't?
JERRY: So did you describe yourself to her over the phone?
GEORGE: Yes I did.
JERRY: What did you say to her?
GEORGE: What do you think I said?
JERRY: I don't know.
GEORGE: I told her the truth.
JERRY: As you see it?
GEORGE: Yes, as I see it.
JERRY: Did you tell her about, uh, your little hat there?
GEORGE: What hat?
JERRY: You know, you're little hair hat there.
GEORGE: No.
JERRY: Don't you think she could tell?
KRAMER: No, no, no she can't tell. It's a perfect match. Beautiful job.
JERRY: Are you kidding? I could spot that bird's nest two blocks away.
GEORGE: You only think that because you know me.
JERRY: Have you noticed people staring at your head?
GEORGE: I noticed people staring at my head because they like what they see.
JERRY: Well I think you should either take it off or tell her about it.
KRAMER: No he's not going to take it off. If he was going to go over there bald, I never would have introduced him.
GEORGE: Look, I guarantee she won't know.
KRAMER: Yeah that's it. All right, I'm going to go down to the precinct. I'm going to have lunch with Lou.
JERRY: Oh, I'll split a cab with you.
(Walking down the street.)
KRAMER: Hey I'm really sorry about the other day. Really sorry.
(Kramer drops something into the man's cup.)
HOMELESS MAN: Hey that's my coffee!
[At the police station]
JERRY: Hi Sarge.
TIERNEY: Hi, I'm sorry I'm late. Some of our lineup decoys didn't show. Hey any of you guys want to be in the lineup? Make a quick 50 bucks?
KRAMER: Sure. I will.
TIERNEY: Perfect. Just go over there with officer Lampert.
[In the lineup room.]
(6 men stand there, one of which is Kramer.)
SPEAKER: All of you, turn to the left.
(Everyone turns left. Kramer turns right.)
SPEAKER: The left.
(Kramer turns left.)
SPEAKER: Now turn to the right.
(Kramer turns to the right doing a "hokey pokey" dance.)
[At Monk's.]
GEORGE: (thinking to himself) Oh my god, there she is. That's the face, just like the picture.
DENISE: George?
GEORGE: Yeah. Hi. It's great to meet you.
DENISE: Likewise. Have you been waiting long?
GEORGE: No, no. I just got here. A few minutes ago.
DENISE: Good, good.
GEORGE: Well why don't you take off your hat and stay awhile.
(Camera is on George. Denise takes off her hat. The camera is still on George. His expression changes to surprise.)
[At the police station.]
JERRY: What's that?
TIERNEY: A polygraph. It's what you civilians call a lie detector test.
JERRY: Oh. Let me ask you, when someone is lying, is it true that their pants are actually on fire?
TIERNEY: If I could tell you the famous faces that have been up here. A certain cast member of Melrose Place.
JERRY: Really.
TIERNEY: Have you ever seen the show?
JERRY: No.
TIERNEY: You can admit it Jerry. It's okay.
JERRY: I admit it. I don't watch it.
TIERNEY: Hey Lou, maybe we should put him on the poly.
JERRY: The poly?
TIERNEY: Yeah. I think you've seen it.
[At Jerry's apartment.]
ELAINE: Melrose Place?
JERRY: Yes. Melrose Place.
ELAINE: I just didn't know you watched that.
JERRY: Well I do.
ELAINE: I mean every time I mention it you never say anything or join in the conversation.
JERRY: Well maybe I was a little embarrassed.
ELAINE: You mean this whole time we could have been discussing Sydney and Michael and Jane...
JERRY: And Billy and Jake and Allison, yes we could have discussed it.
ELAINE: Why? Why were you so embarrassed?
JERRY: The point is I'm going to be taking this lie detector test and that needle's going to be going wild.
ELAINE: That is *so* stupid. Why don't you just confess?
JERRY: It's too stupid to confess. Look at what I'm confessing to.
ELAINE: So what are you going to do?
JERRY: I don't know. Maybe I can beat the machine.
ELAINE: Oh, who do you think you are? Castanza?
JERRY: Hey you know what? I have access to one of the most deceitful, duplicitous, deceptive minds of our time. Who better to advise me?
(Elaine takes a drink of something.)
ELAINE: Oh god this tastes terrible.
JERRY: Did you shake it up?
ELAINE: No.
JERRY: You gotta shake it up.
ELAINE: No. I'm sick of shaking. You've got to shake everything.
(Jerry picks up the bottle and shakes it gently.)
JERRY: Yeah, that's a real nuisance. This is killing me.
ELAINE: So, I'm going out tonight with Robert and the boss and his wife.
JERRY: So tonight are you going to make the move?
ELAINE: Yeah, I think I might.
(George enters)
JERRY: Hey there he is. So what happened? Could she detect it?
GEORGE: That's an interesting question.
JERRY: How so?
GEORGE: How so? I'll tell you how so. She's bald!
ELAINE: What do you mean bald?
GEORGE: What do you think I mean bald? Bald. Bald bald.
JERRY: She's bald?
GEORGE: She's bald.
ELAINE: Oh come on.
GEORGE: Oh come on? No come on. She took off her hat and there she was (waving his hand over his head) hello. It was like I was looking at myself in the mirror.
ELAINE: Well maybe she got a haircut or something.
GEORGE: Let me tell you something. No one walks into a beauty parlor and says "Give me the Larry Fine."
JERRY: Women go bald?
ELAINE: Yeah, I've heard of that. I mean they usually wear a wig.
(Kramer enters)
JERRY: Hey.
KRAMER: Hey.
GEORGE: You fixed me up with a bald woman.
(Kramer flinches)
KRAMER: Bald?
GEORGE: Yeah, that's right.
ELAINE: Do you see the irony here? You're rejecting somebody because they're bald.
GEORGE: So?
ELAINE: (puts her hands up to her mouth) You're bald!
GEORGE: No I'm not. I *was* bald.
(Elaine grabs at the toupee, George dodges the grab.)
GEORGE: Elaine.
(Elaine grabs again and misses. George turns around and opens the door trying to get out. Elaine grabs the toupee and runs to the window.)
GEORGE: No, no, no Elaine.
ELAINE: (shouting) I don't like this thing. And here's what I'm doing with it.
(She tosses the toupee out the window)
GEORGE: Nooooo.
(He runs to the window, and the blind comes down on his head.)
[Outside.]
(The homeless man is walking down the street and sees the toupee. He puts it on.)
[At Elaine's apartment]
ROBERT: Hahaha, why'd you start that fight with me?
ELAINE: Well I figured that's what couples do.
ROBERT: You almost convinced me we were a couple.
ELAINE: Well it was easy. Really.
ROBERT: Well good night, I'll call you tomorrow.
ELAINE: Oh, uh, wait a second. Would you like to come, upstairs?
ROBERT: Upstairs?
ELAINE: Yeah. Upstairs?
ROBERT: Elaine...
ELAINE: I was hoping you know, that you might be interested in... changing teams?
ROBERT: Changing teams?
ELAINE: Have you ever thought about it?
ROBERT: But I'm a starting shortstop.
ELAINE: Robert, we need a shortstop. *Real bad*.
[At Monk's.]
GEORGE: I tell you, when she threw that toupee out the window, it was the best thing that ever happened to me. I feel like my old self again. Totally inadequate, completely insecure, paranoid, neurotic, it's a pleasure.
JERRY: Good to have you back.
GEORGE: And you know what else I've decided to do? I'm going to keep seeing the bald woman.
JERRY: She's as good as anybody else.
GEORGE: Her scalp was clean. She had a nice skull. There just wasn't a lot of hair on it.
JERRY: Yeah you've had like a religious awakening. You're like a bald-again.
GEORGE: Going to need a little more coffee here.
JERRY: So George, how do I beat this lie detector?
GEORGE: I'm sorry, Jerry I can't help you.
JERRY: Come on, you've got the gift. You're the only one that can help me.
GEORGE: Jerry, I can't. It's like saying to Pavorotti, "Teach me to sing like you."
JERRY: All right, well I've got to go take this test. I can't believe I'm doing this.
GEORGE: Jerry, just remember. It's not a lie... if you believe it.
[Outside on the street. Jerry and Elaine walking toward each other.]
ELAINE: Hey, I did it.
JERRY: What?
ELAINE: I turned him. He defected.
JERRY: Get out! (pushes Elaine) How? How did you do that?
ELAINE: Because I'm a *woman*. (swiveling her hips) Ba-ba-ba-boom-chicka-boom-chicka-boom-boom- boom.
JERRY: Elaine, do you know what you've done? You've give hope to every woman who's ever said "Too bad he's gay".
ELAINE: Well it's a lesson for the kids out there. Anything's possible. Jeromy, I have *hit* the jackpot. The perfect man. Nothing but sex and shopping.
[At the police station.]
(Kramer is in the lineup again. He and five other people walk into the room. They stand there for a few moments. Kramer points with his eyes to the man on his left. He then tilts his head a few times to the man on his left.)
[Elsewhere at the police station.]
(Jerry is hooked up to the polygraph.)
LOU: What's your name?
JERRY: Jerry Seinfeld.
LOU: What is your address?
JERRY: 129 West 81st street.
LOU: Did Kimberly steal Jo's baby?
JERRY: I don't know.
(Camera shot on the polygraph. The pen moves back and forth on the paper.)
LOU: Did Billy sleep with Allison's best friend?
JERRY: I don't know.
(Camera shot on the polygraph. The pen moves back and forth on the paper. Lou and Sergeant Tierney look at each other.)
LOU: Did Jane's finance kidnap Sydney and take her to Las Vegas? And if so, did she enjoy it?
JERRY: I don't know.
LOU: Did Jane sleep with Michael again?
JERRY: (He hesitates) Yes! That stupid idiot. He left her for Kimberly, he slept with her sister. He tricked her into giving him half her business, and then she goes ahead and sleeps with him again. I mean she's crazy. How could she do something like that? Oh that Jane, she makes me so mad.
(He picks up his coat and leaves.)
[At Jerry's apartment.]
JERRY: He went back? What do you mean he went back?
ELAINE: He went back.
JERRY: I don't understand it. You were having such a great time, the sex, the shopping.
ELAINE: Well here's the thing. Being a woman, I only really have access to the, uh... equipment, what, thirty, forty-five minutes a week. And that's on a good week. How can I be expected to have the same expertise as people who *own* this equipment, and have access to it twenty-four hours a day, their entire lives.
JERRY: You can't. That's why they lose very few players.
ELAINE: Yeah, I guess I never really stood a chance.
JERRY: Well there's always a place for you, on our team.
ELAINE: Yeah. (teary-eyed) Thanks. Is Melrose Place on?
JERRY: Yeah. It's coming on in a few minutes.
ELAINE: Okay.
(George enters.)
JERRY: Hey. Don't worry it hasn't started.
ELAINE: Hey George, I am *really* proud of you. I really do admire what you've done.
GEORGE: Do you? That makes me so happy. Elaine's proud of me Jerry.
ELAINE: What is the matter?
GEORGE: I got rejected by a bald woman. A bald woman rejected me. Heh, you like that one? A woman with no prospects and no *hair*, told me that I wasn't her type. Apparently *baldy* likes a slimmer guy.
KRAMER: Well I'll tell you what I think. I think she saw you with that piece off and was devastated. You blew it boy. You really blew it. And you had to ruin it for him. Didn't you?
ELAINE: I didn't ruin anything. He looked like an idiot. He did, and it made him act like a jerk.
JERRY: All right, shut up, shut up, Melrose Place is coming on.
(Theme song of Melrose Place plays on the TV.)
JERRY: Oh that Michael, I hate him, he's just so smug.
[At the police station. Kramer is in the lineup.]
KRAMER: Hey, how you doing Stu? Eddie, my man. You again? Boy, you're a slippery one. You'd better straighten up and fly right buddy boy.
MAN: I've got an eyewitness to that jewelry store break-in. Come here. Do you recognize anybody in the lineup?
HOMELESS MAN: That's the guy officer. The guy there in the middle. The tall guy with the, with the high hair. I'd recognize him anywhere.
MAN: Hey you, you with the high hair, step forward.
KRAMER: Me?
[Opening Monologue]
Now, I was thinking the other day about hair, and that the weird Thing about it, is that people will touch other people's hair. You will actually kiss another human being, right on the head. But, if one of those hairs should somehow be able to get out of that skull, and go off on its own, it is now the vilest, most disgusting thing that you can encounter. The same hair. People freak out. (horrified) "There was a hair, in the egg salad!"
[Jerry's Apartment]
(George sits on the couch with a newspaper, Jerry stands.)
GEORGE: Say it's Saturday night in Spain. They go out dancing. You think they do the flamenco?
JERRY: I would think.
GEORGE: So you could call a woman for a date, ask her if she's free for Dinner and a flamenco?
JERRY: (scoffs) You don't flamenco on the first date.
GEORGE: Boy, I wish the flamenco was popular here.
JERRY: Yeah? Would you do it?
GEORGE: Yes, I think I would.
JERRY: Well, I knew you'd have an affinity for it, because it's the dance of a very proud people.
(The phone rings. Jerry answers.)
JERRY: Hello. (listens) Oh, hi Nana. (listens) What? Oh. Oh, alright, okay. Don't worry about it. (listens) Okay, I'll see you later. Alright, bye.
(He hangs up the phone.)
JERRY: I have to go over to my grandmother's.
GEORGE: What for?
JERRY: I have to open a bottle of ketchup for her.
GEORGE: So, what, no lunch?
JERRY: No, we have time.
GEORGE: Oh. How's she doing?
(George rises, and he and Jerry collect their jackets and make their way to the door.)
JERRY: Ah, she's starting to slip a little. Sometimes she has Difficulty distinguishing between the past and the present.
GEORGE: Ah. You know, there's gotta be an easier way to open ketchups. They should make it in a tube.
JERRY: Like toothpaste?
GEORGE: Ya-hah.
(Jerry and George leave.)
[Street]
(Jerry and George stroll along, continuing their conversation.)
JERRY: There's a squeeze ketchup.
GEORGE: I've seen squeeze mustard. I've never seen squeeze ketchup.
JERRY: Well, if they make squeeze mustard, doesn't it stand to reason that they make squeeze ketchup?
GEORGE: Not necessarily. Mustard lends itself to the squeeze.
JERRY: I really don't see the difference.
GEORGE: Oh, there's a difference. It's subtle.
JERRY: It's subtle.
GEORGE: Hey uh, isn't Elaine supposed to meet us?
JERRY: (looking ahead) Yeah, there she is. Uh-oh.
GEORGE: What?
(They stop walking.)
JERRY: Ah, she's with her friend Wendy.
GEORGE: Wendy? Is that the uh, physical therapist?
JERRY: Yeah. I'm on a kiss hello program with her.
GEORGE: Really?
JERRY: Yeah. Every time I see her, I gotta kiss her hello. I just did it once, on her birthday, somehow it mushroomed. Now I dread seeing her because of it.
(Jerry smiles and waves to Elaine, who is approaching with Wendy. Elaine waves back.)
ELAINE: (from a distance) Hey.
GEORGE: You know, I'm down to one kiss hello. My aunt Sylvia.
JERRY: Ah, that's fortunate. I really admire that.
GEORGE: (surprise) Huh. I never heard you say you admire me for anything.
JERRY: No, I told you I admire your hearing.
(George waves away the compliment.)
JERRY: No, don't slough that off, you have great hearing.
(Jerry and George walk and meet Elaine and Wendy. Wendy greets Jerry with a kiss on the cheek, which he's not happy about. Wendy is attractive, but has a real old-fashioned fifties-style hairdo.)
GEORGE/JERRY/ELAINE/WENDY: Hey/Hi/Hello (etc.)
ELAINE: (to Wendy) Wendy, George. (to George) Wendy.
(Wendy and George shake hands.)
GEORGE: You're uh, physical therapist, right?
WENDY: Yes.
GEORGE: You know, I got this little swelling right here. (rolls up his sleeve to expose his wrist) It's kinda painful. What d'you make of it?
(Wendy takes a brief glance at George's proffered limb. Elaine isn't happy that George is bothering Wendy.)
ELAINE: (warning) George.
WENDY: Have you tried heat and ice on it?
GEORGE: (reluctant) Oh that uh, that seems like a lotta trouble.
WENDY: Well, you could come by my office later, I could work on it for you a little.
GEORGE: (happy) Oh! Okay.
WENDY: Let me give you my card.
(Wendy fishes in her bag and hands a card to George.)
GEORGE: Oh, thank you.
WENDY: Well, I'll see you guys later. (to George) Nice meeting you. Bye Elaine.
ELAINE: Bye Wendy. I'm sorry.
WENDY: Bye Jerry.
(Wendy walks away down the street.)
JERRY: Bye.
ELAINE: (slapping George on the arm) What did you do that for?
GEORGE: What?
ELAINE: (pinching George's arm) Ask about your arm.
[Monk's]
(George, Jerry and Elaine enter.)
GEORGE: I still don't see why I can't ask her about my arm.
ELAINE: She's a physical therapist. She doesn't want to have to deal with that outside of the office.
GEORGE: Why not?
(The trio sit down in a booth.)
ELAINE: Because, it is what she does.
GEORGE: I love these people, you can't ask 'em questions. (getting excited) They're so mentally gifted that we mustn't disturb the delicate genius unless it's in the confines of an office. (worked up) When huge sums of money are involved, then the delicate genius can be disturbed!
ELAINE: George, you got a little something, right here.
(Elaine indicates underneath George's nostrils.)
GEORGE: (wiping the area with a hand) People think they're so important...
JERRY: (adamant) Well, I'm going on record right now that that was my last kiss hello. I am getting off the kiss program with her.
ELAINE: Why?
JERRY: Well, you know, frankly, outside of a sexual relationship, I don't see the point to it. I'm not thrilled with all the handshaking either, but one step at a time.
GEORGE: (regarding the menu) What're you getting?
JERRY: (to Elaine) And what's with that hairdo, by the way?
ELAINE: Huh, yeah, I know. It's not very flattering.
JERRY: She looks like something out of an old high school yearbook. You should say something to her.
ELAINE: Oh, I could never say anything to her about that.
JERRY: Yeah. Kramer's the only person who could say something like that.
ELAINE: Yeah. Hah.
GEORGE: Well, just tell Kramer to tell her.
ELAINE: No. If you tell him to do it, he'll never do it.
JERRY: What you have to do is introduce him, and then he'll just come out with it.
ELAINE: (sharp intake of breath) Hoh. Yes, yes, you're right. That's right. I'll bring her over to meet...
(Kramer enters.)
ELAINE: (to Kramer) ...Kramer.
(Kramer strolls over to the table.)
KRAMER: Hello, boys and girls.
JERRY: Speak of the devil.
(Kramer sits at the table. Elaine starts to peruse her menu, as Kramer speaks to Jerry)
KRAMER: Yeah. Hey listen, I uh, I need a picture of you, buddy.
JERRY: What for?
KRAMER: Well, I'm uh, I'm putting everybody's picture up in the lobby of our building.
JERRY: Why?
KRAMER: So everyone will know everybody's name. See, people are gonna be a lot friendlier.
JERRY: (reluctant) I, I don't want my picture plastered up in the lobby.
KRAMER: Imagine walking by someone on the floor, and you say "Hey, Carl!" and he says "Hey, Jerry!" You see, that's the kind of society I wanna live in.
JERRY: (still reluctant) Kramer, I don't wanna stop and talk with everyone, every time I go in the building. I just wanna nod and be on my way.
KRAMER: (to Elaine) You know your eyeliner's smudged a little. Why do you wear so much eye makeup?
ELAINE: (to Jerry, indicating Kramer) Yeah. This is gonna work out just fine.
[Nana's Apartment]
(Leo is in the living room, speaking with Nana, who's in another room.)
LEO: Ma! Again with the ketchup? Don't they have 'em in the plastic squeeze containers?
(There is a knock at the door. Leo opens it, to reveal Jerry.)
LEO: (traditional greeting) Jerry! Hello!
JERRY: Hello, uncle Leo!
LEO: What're you doing here?
JERRY: Nana called me to open the ketchup bottle.
LEO: Yeah, me too.
(Nana enters with a bottle of ketchup.)
NANA: Hello Jerry.
JERRY: Hi Nana.
(There's a brief pause, as Leo waits for something.)
LEO: Aren't you gonna kiss her hello?
JERRY: Yes. (kisses Nana) Yes of course.
NANA: Ha, well, here's the bottle.
(Nana holds out the ketchup.)
LEO: (grabbing the bottle) I'll do it.
JERRY: (also grabbing) What're you doing, I got it.
(Jerry and Leo begin to struggle for possession of the ketchup.)
LEO: Give it to me.
JERRY: Will you stop it.
LEO: Jerry, will you give me the bottle?
JERRY: Uncle Leo! (releasing his grip) Alright! Take it!
NANA: You should let Buddy open it.
LEO: Buddy? He lived next door to us forty-five years ago.
(Leo hands the ketchup back to Nana.)
NANA: Leo, did you give Helen the fifty dollars?
LEO: What fifty dollars?
NANA: Your father won a thousand dollars at the track last week, and he gave you a hundred, and you were supposed to give fifty dollars to your sister.
(Nana walks away out of the room again.)
LEO: Ma, dad died in nineteen-sixty-two.
(Jerry is staring at Leo, with an expression of suspicion.)
LEO: (laughing off Nana's confusion) Believe me. I don't owe your mother fifty dollars.
(Leo continues to force out laughter, and Jerry continues his look of mistrust.)
[Lobby, Jerry's Building]
(Elaine and Jerry wait by the elevator. Jerry is speaking to the building super.)
JERRY: I'm just not getting any hot water.
JULIO: Hey, believe me, I know there's nothing worse than when your shower's not working. I'm gonna take care of it as soon as I can, Jerry.
JERRY: Thanks, Julio.
JULIO: Awright.
(Julio walks away as the elevator arrives. Jerry and Elaine step aboard.)
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Kramer is rooting through a drawer, searching for something. The door opens and Jerry and Elaine enter.)
JERRY: Huh?
KRAMER: (surprised) Hey, hey hey hey. Hello!
JERRY: What's going on here?
KRAMER: (evasive) Ohh, nothing, nothing.
JERRY: (suspicious) Well, then what're you doing?
KRAMER: Oh, I, I need a pen.
JERRY: What for?
KRAMER: Well, I'm making out my will. Oh, I got a big slice of dough for you, buddy. And you too, Elaine, I haven't forgotten you.
JERRY: (accusingly) You're looking for a picture of me, aren't you?
KRAMER: You got that straight.
JERRY: I told you, forget it.
KRAMER: Oh, come on, Jerry. If everybody knew everybody, we wouldn't have the problems we have in the world today. Well, you don't rob somebody, if you know their name!
JERRY: You're robbing me.
KRAMER: Well, I'm gonna get your picture, and you're gonna participate in my program.
(Kramer heads out the door, but Elaine intercepts him.)
ELAINE: Wha... W.. Are you going home?
KRAMER: Yeah.
ELAINE: Uh, could you come back in about five minutes?
KRAMER: Why?
ELAINE: No reason. (big smile) Just wanna see you again.
(Kramer smiles at this. He exits, but turns to flash the smile at Elaine as he crosses the hall to his apartment. After Kramer goes into his place, Elaine shuts the door of Jerry's apartment.)
JERRY: (removing his coat) So? Are you sure Wendy's coming?
ELAINE: Yeah, she'll be here any second.
JERRY: Well, this'll be a very interesting experiment to see if Kramer says something. You sure you wanna go through with this?
ELAINE: Listen, Jerry. She never dates, and I know it's because of her hair.
(The phone rings, and Jerry picks up. Elaine removes her coat.)
JERRY: Hello. Oh, hi mom. Yeah, I was at Nana's yesterday. I had to help her open a ketchup bottle. Hey, mom, let me ask you a question. Do you remember when you were a kid, your father winning like a thousand dollars at the track? (listens) Really? Did you know he gave uncle Leo a hundred dollars, and he was supposed to give you fifty? (listens) How do I know? Because Nana doesn't know what year it is, and she thinks this just happened. (listens) Well, I think you should. Okay, bye.
[The Seinfeld's Place, Florida]
(Morty and Helen in the kitchen. Morty has a pencil and pad and a pocket calculator out, doing some work.)
MORTY: Do you know what the interest on that fifty dollars comes to over fifty-three years?
HELEN: Oh, Morty, please.
MORTY: Six hundred and sixty-three dollars and forty-five cents. And that's figuring conservatively at five percent interest, over fifty-three years, compounded quarterly. Or, if you put it into a ten-year T-bill...
HELEN: Morty, will you stop it!
MORTY: (determined) Well, he's not getting away with this!
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Jerry by the kitchen. The buzzer sounds, and Jerry answers.)
JERRY: Yeah?
WENDY (O.C.): Wendy.
JERRY: Come on up.
(Elaine enters from the bathroom.)
ELAINE: Well, this is it. Shall I go get Kramer?
JERRY: No no, he'll come in. Well, this is gonna be my first opportunity to not kiss her hello.
ELAINE: What is the big deal about putting your lips on somebody's face?
JERRY: It's the obligation, you know? As soon as this person comes in, you know you have to do this. I mean, if you could, say, touch a breast as part of the kiss hello, then I think I could see the value in it a little better.
ELAINE: How 'bout an intercourse hello? How would that be?
JERRY: Elaine, now you're being ridiculous.
(There's a knock at the door.)
ELAINE: (indicating) That's her. That's her.
(Jerry holds up his hands, indicating he wants a few seconds to prepare. He goes to the refrigerator, and indicates Elaine should let Wendy inside. Elaine opens the door and Wendy enters.)
ELAINE/WENDY: Hi/Hey.
(Jerry has the door of the fridge open, and his head is inside the appliance.)
JERRY: (muffled) Hi Wendy.
WENDY: Oh, hi Jerry.
(Wendy wanders over to the fridge.)
JERRY: (muffled) Would you like something to drink?
WENDY: Sure.
(Jerry holds out his arm, with a bottle in his hand.)
JERRY: (muffled) There you go.
WENDY: (taking the bottle) Ah.
(Jerry starts to withdraw his head from the fridge, and Wendy is poised for the kiss hello. But, just as he turns to face her, he opens the freezer compartment and the door blocks her approach. Wendy walks away to the couch.)
JERRY: Oh, look at that. I'm almost outta Klondike bars.
(Jerry peers around the edge of the door, to see if the coast is clear. Finding that it is, he closes the various doors of the fridge.)
JERRY: So, how's everything going?
WENDY: Oh, okay. Oh, your friend George came by the office the other day, and then yesterday he cancelled on me.
JERRY: Oh, yeah, he had to take his mother to the chiropodist.
(There is a clunk in the hallway, as of Kramer's door opening.)
ELAINE: Oh, you hear that? That must be Kramer.
(Jerry's door opens and Kramer enters. He's holding a polaroid camera.)
KRAMER: Hey! Jerry!
(Jerry turns at the call of his name, and Kramer fires off a quick shot.)
JERRY: C'mon, that's not fair!
KRAMER: I told you I was gonna get it.
JERRY: No, c'mon Kramer. (crossing to Kramer) Gimme that picture.
KRAMER: (holding the picture away from Jerry) Aagh. No no no no no.
JERRY: (throws up his hands) Alright, fine. Put my picture up. What do I care?
ELAINE: Uh, Kramer. Kramer, I'd like you to meet my friend Wendy.
KRAMER: Oh, hello.
WENDY: (holds out her hand) Hi.
KRAMER: (shaking hands) Yeah.
(Kramer does looks at Wendy, and something intrigues him. He turns away, Then back again, unable to take his eyes off her hair.)
KRAMER: (points) You know, I really like that hairdo.
(Jerry and Elaine both look surprised and let-down by Kramer.)
WENDY: (flattered) Oh. Thank you. I actually was thinking it might be time for a change.
ELAINE: (hopeful) Oh, you were?
WENDY: Well, I...
KRAMER: (interrupting) Oh, no no no. You don't wanna do that. No no. Nobody wears it like that.
ELAINE: Kramer, if she wants to change her hair...
KRAMER: No, no. you'd be a damn fool to change it. It's very becoming.
WENDY: Oh, well.
(Kramer raises his camera to take a picture of Wendy and her hair.)
WENDY: (laughs, flattered) Oh, ho.
(Kramer presses the button and nothing happens. He turns the camera up, to look at the front of it and it chooses to fire at that moment, dazzling Kramer with the flash.)
[Wendy's Car]
(Wendy drives, Elaine in the passenger seat.)
WENDY: So, who's that friend of yours? That guy that came in.
ELAINE: Oh, Kramer.
WENDY: Yeah. Does he have a girlfriend?
ELAINE: You wanna go out with him?
WENDY: Well, why not?
ELAINE: Well, it's just that... uh, I don't...
WENDY: What, is there anything wrong with him?
(Elaine stares off for several seconds, with a faraway look in her eyes.)
WENDY: Elaine?
ELAINE: I'm just thinking about the question.
[ProFitness Physical Therapy Center]
(George is at the counter with his cheque book. He's moving his wrist and lower arm, clearly much more comfortable.)
GEORGE: You know, my arm feels a lot better. That Wendy really knows her stuff. (he writes out a cheque)
RECEPTIONIST: (perky) She is super. Same time tomorrow.
GEORGE: (tearing out cheque) Yeah, same time. (hands over cheque) There you go.
(George heads for the door. The receptionist looks at George's cheque and finds it's not up to scratch.)
RECEPTIONIST: Oh. Ah, you owe a hundred and fifty.
GEORGE: What for?
RECEPTIONIST: Well, you cancelled on Tuesday, and our policy is "twenty-four hours notice, for all cancellations".
GEORGE: (agitated) Well, I, I couldn't come. I, I had to drive my mother to, to the chiropodist.
(Wendy enters, carrying a file. She overhears.)
WENDY: What's the problem?
GEORGE: (harassed) Are you aware that I'm being charged for Tuesday's appointment? I had to take my mother to the chiropodist.
WENDY: Well, I'm sorry, that's our policy.
(Wendy walks out, into another room.)
GEORGE: (after Wendy and to the receptionist) Oh, you have a policy! (to the world at large) The delicate genius has a policy! George heads for the door.
RECEPTIONIST: So. Will you be here tomorrow?
GEORGE: Well, it's less than twenty-four hours, so I guess I have to!
(George leaves, slamming the door behind him.)
[Lobby, Jerry's Building]
(Kramer has covered one wall of the lobby with photographs of the tenants. They're all labeled with the appropriate name in magic marker. Kramer is just completing Jerry's name underneath the Polaroid he took earlier. Jerry and Elaine enter from the street.)
KRAMER: Hey! (indicating photos) So what d'you think? You like it?
(Elaine seems generally positive, Jerry's not so enamoured, especially by his own picture.)
JERRY: Oh my god! Look at that picture, it's terrible...
(The Polaroid has caught Jerry with his mouth hanging open and his eyes wide. It's not flattering in the slightest.)
JERRY: ...You can't put that picture up.
KRAMER: Well, it's not a beauty contest. It's just a way for people to get to know one another.
(The elevator opens and a guy (Steve) steps out. He points to Kramer.)
STEVE: Hey Cosmo.
KRAMER: Hey...
(Kramer turns to the wall of pictures, searches around for the face and then points back. Steve makes his way to the door as Kramer speaks.)
KRAMER: ...Steve. (to Jerry) Ah, you see?
ELAINE: Hey Kramer, my friend Wendy wants to go out with you.
KRAMER: (interested) Well, how do you do?
(A woman (Mary) has entered from the street. She stands behind Jerry and looks through Kramer's gallery of tenants.)
MARY: Hello, (finds the right photo) Jerry.
JERRY: Oh. Hello, uh (looks for and finds the photo) Mary.
MARY: You know, I've seen you so many times and now we can finally talk to each other.
KRAMER: (keen) What was I telling you? Isn't this nice?
JERRY: (not really) Yeah.
MARY: Jerry. You know, could you help me with a package?
JERRY: Oh, sure, yeah.
MARY: Thank you.
(Mary leans across and gives Jerry a quick kiss on the cheek, then makes her way toward the door. Elaine is giggling gleefully at Jerry's discomfiture.)
JERRY: Oh, no!
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Jerry and Elaine enter. Jerry mad, and Elaine still giggling.)
JERRY: You see? That's just what I need. More kissing!
ELAINE: (laughs) Hee, hee, hee. Hee hee hee...
JERRY: What is so funny?
ELAINE: Nothing, nothing. (laughs out loud)
(The phone rings and Jerry picks up.)
JERRY: Hello. Oh, hi mom. (listens) What? Oh my... He didn't?! He couldn't! (listens) Alright, I will. (listens) Okay, bye.
(Jerry hangs up the phone, and turns to Elaine.)
JERRY: (aghast) Uncle Leo put Nana in a home!
ELAINE: Why?
JERRY: (suspicious) I don't know. Maybe to keep her quiet.
[Lobby, Jerry's Building]
(Jerry is collecting his mail from his mailbox. A woman (Joan) enters and immediately goes for the kiss hello. She's friendly and overfamiliar.)
JOAN: Hi Jerry. (she kisses Jerry) Mmmwah.
JERRY: (not as eager) Hi Joan.
JOAN: How you doing?
(Jerry backs away toward the elevator.)
JERRY: Pretty good.
JOAN: Just pretty good? Not great?
JERRY: Okay, great.
JOAN: Are you happy?
JERRY: Oh, I'm delighted.
JOAN: Okay. Have a nice day.
JERRY: You too.
(The elevator comes down, the door opens and another woman (Louise) emerges, with a big friendly smile for Jerry.)
LOUISE: Hi Jerry.
(Louise also kisses the less than happy looking Jerry.)
JERRY: Hi, Louise.
(Louise walks on and the unhappy Jerry enters the elevator.)
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Jerry has just arrived with his mail. The door opens and Kramer darts into the room.)
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Ah, well. Thank you very much!
KRAMER: For what?
JERRY: (agitated) For putting my picture up on that wall! I'm like Richard Dawson down there now. And every person I see engages me in this long, boring, tedious, conversation. I can't even get out of the building!
KRAMER: You should be thanking me for liberating you from your world of loneliness and isolation. Now, you're part of a family.
JERRY: Family?
KRAMER: Yeah.
JERRY: You think I want another family? My father's demanding my uncle pay interest on fifty dollars he was supposed to give my mother in nineteen-forty-one, and my uncle put my nana in a home to try and shut her up! And I tell you another thing, Cosmo Kramer, whatever you wanna be called. The kissing thing is over. There's no more kissing, and I don't care what the consequences are.
(As Jerry reaches the end of his emphatic declaration, Kramer takes Jerry's head in his hands, leans in and plants a big kiss right on Jerry's lips. Halfway through the kiss, the door opens and George half-enters. Kramer releases Jerry, who stands bug-eyed with shock. George stands silently in the doorway, he looks from Jerry to Kramer, with a thoughtful expression. Biting his lips, George slowly backs out of the door and closes it behind him.)
[ProFitness Physical Therapy Centre]
(George enters, and the receptionist spots him.)
RECEPTIONIST: Oh, hi. Mister Costanza, we were trying to get in touch with you. Wendy can't make her appointment.
GEORGE: What d'you mean?
RECEPTIONIST: She had some personal affair she had to attend to. I left a message on your machine. You didn't get it?
GEORGE: When did you leave the message?
RECEPTIONIST: Few hours ago.
GEORGE: (pointedly) Oh, I'm sorry, I require twenty-four hours notice for a cancellation. Now, as I see it, you owe me seventy-five dollars.
RECEPTIONIST: Look, Mister Costanza...
GEORGE: Will that be cash, or cheque?
(George gives an exaggerated wink.)
[Wendy's Car]
(Wendy driving into New York at night with Elaine as passenger. Elaine is wearing much of her ski gear - woolly hat, with goggles on top of her head, and there are ski poles on the back seat.)
WENDY: I am really glad I took the day off.
ELAINE: Oh, yeah, there's nothing better than skiing.
WENDY: Yeah. I hope my clients weren't too upset.
ELAINE: Ugh, the hell with 'em.
(Wendy and Elaine share a laugh. Wendy then starts to pull the car over to the side of the road.)
ELAINE: What're you stopping here for?
WENDY: I'm dropping you off.
ELAINE: (pointing) Oh, no, I'm three more blocks.
WENDY: Yeah, but if I take you to your door, then I have to go all the way around Central Park West, back to Columbus, you know it's all one way...
ELAINE: Yeah, but it's only three blocks.
WENDY: Right. It's only three blocks.
ELAINE: (unbuckling her seatbelt) Alright, well...
[Street]
(Elaine struggles along the sidewalk at night with her ski gear in her arms. She's not finding it easy fighting with the uncomfortable bulk of skis, poles, boots, etc.. Eventually she drops the boots and, rather than pick them up, simply kicks them along in front of her.)
[Street]
(Jerry and Elaine walk together.)
ELAINE: She'd driven me a hundred and twenty miles and, all of a sudden, three blocks from my door, she decides this trip is over. Isn't that strange?
JERRY: Yes, it's very strange. Very strange.
ELAINE: I've never heard of anything like this. I mean, it's almost as if I was hitch-hiking and she says "Well, this is as far as I can take you."
JERRY: I tell you. If you were hitch-hiking, you'd never get into a car with someone with a hairdo like that.
ELAINE: I had to carry my skis, and my boots and my poles. I think I pinched a nerve in my shoulder.
JERRY: You should have her work on it for you.
ELAINE: Yeah, alright, I gotta go.
[Lobby, Jerry's Building]
(Jerry enters his building. Mary spots him from across the lobby and closes for a kiss hello.)
MAR: Hi Jerry.
JERRY: Hi Mary.
(Jerry backs away from the kiss with so much effort that he's up against the mailboxes.)
JERRY: Uh, listen. I decided I can't kiss hello anymore. I'm sorry. It's nothing personal....
(Mary looks upset by Jerry's outburst.)
JERRY: ...It just makes me a little uncomfortable and I can't do it. I'm sorry.
(The door to the street opens and Louise enters, also friendly and aiming for the kiss hello.)
LOU: Hi Jerry.
JERRY: Hi Louise...
(Jerry backs sharply away from Louise as she leans in for the kiss.)
JERRY: ...I was just telling Mary how I'm not gonna be doing the kiss hello thing anymore. (continues backing away) I'm sorry. I just can't do it. It's nothing personal, it's just I'm not really able to do it and uh, I'm sorry.
(Jerry backs into the elevator.)
JERRY: (as the elevator doors close) Thank you for your cooperation.
[Jerry's Apartment/The Seinfeld's Place, Florida]
(Jerry answers the phone.)
JERRY: Hello.
HELEN (V.O): Jerry?
JERRY: Hi mom. So, what's happening with uncle Leo? Is he paying you?
(In Florida, Helen is on the phone and Morty is still working out figures with a pad and a calculator.)
HELEN: Well, he said no. He said we had no proof.
MORTY: No proof? We'll get him. He's a crook, sooner or later, he'll slip up.
HELEN: Uh, anyway, I want you to go check on Nana at the home.
JERRY: Okay, I will.
MORTY: D'you realise, an above-average performing growth mutual fund for fifty-three years...
[Hall Outside Jerry's Apartment]
(Jerry and Kramer emerge from their apartments.)
KRAMER: What's up?
JERRY: (locking his door) Oh, I gotta go visit my nana in the nursing home.
KRAMER: Oh.
(They walk together down the hall.)
[Lobby, Jerry's Building]
(The elevator doors open and Jerry and Kramer come out. Something on the wall opposite catches Jerry's eye.)
JERRY: Hey, Kramer, look at this.
(Jerry points and walks over to Kramer's gallery, Kramer following.)
JERRY: Look at my picture!
(The photograph has been crudely vandalised with a magic marker. 'Grade-A Dork' has been written on the forehead, whiskers, spots, horns and a wormlike tongue added and teeth blacked out.)
JERRY: I've been defaced!
KRAMER: Hey, don't you worry buddy. I made double prints.
(Behind Kramer a guy (Jack) has entered the building. Jack walks up behind Kramer and slaps him on the shoulder in a friendly fashion.)
JACK: Hey. Hi Cosmo.
KRAMER: Oh, hey, Jack. How you doing?
JERRY: Hi Jack.
(Jack gives Jerry an unfriendly look and walks to the elevator without replying. Julio comes out of the elevator, and Jerry walks over to ask him something.)
JERRY: Hey, Julio. I was wondering, could you get to that shower today, You think?
JULIO: Oh, I see. When you need something done, you're very friendly to people, huh?
JERRY: (defensive) No no, that's not true!
JULIO: (accusing) Well, I think it is! It's a big building, Seinfeld, maybe I'll get to it someday. After I take care of the people who're civil to each other.
(Julio stalks away. Jerry swings to give Kramer a look.)
[Knollridge Nursing Home]
(Jerry is talking with a nurse on the porch.)
NURSE: Yeah, she's upstairs, playing cards.
JERRY: You know, she really doesn't belong here. My uncle put her here, Because he's trying to prove he doesn't owe my mother fifty dollars.
NURSE: Well, she seems very happy. She met an old friend who used to live next door to her.
JERRY: Buddy?
NURSE: Yes, that's his name. He's right over there.
(The nurse indicates an elderly guy with a white moustache, wearing a cap and reading a newspaper on a bench outside.)
[ProFitness Physical Therapy Centre]
(George is talking with Wendy at the counter.)
WENDY: (smiling) I'm sorry, I don't owe you anything. I had some personal business that day.
GEORGE: (irascible) Oh, I see. So your time is more valuable than mine. Is that it? You're a delicate genius!
(Behind George, Elaine has slipped in the door.)
WENDY: A delicate genius?
(George spots Elaine.)
GEORGE: Elaine?
ELAINE: (surprised) George!
(George stalks past Elaine and exits.)
GEORGE: (leaving) Hah. Good luck.
WENDY: What's going on?
ELAINE: (feeling her arm) Wendy, I injured my shoulder, Wednesday, when you dropped me off and I had to carry my skis, and my boots, and my poles and everything, all the way home. I'm, I'm having trouble lifting my arm. Do you think you could give me some treatment?
WENDY: Oh sure. You have insurance, right?
ELAINE: (shocked) Insurance? You're charging me?
(Behind Elaine, George is standing in the open door)
GEORGE: Wednesday? That's your personal business?! (stalks over to the counter) Skiing?! (angry) So let people suffer, while you're shushing all over a mountain?
WENDY: How did you hear that?
GEORGE: I hear everything.
WENDY: I mean, why don't you two just take your business elsewhere, hmm?
ELAINE: Oh, huh huh, that is a good idea. C'mon George.
GEORGE: Yeah. Let's go.
(Elaine and George, united, head for the door. AS they get there, Elaine turns to deliver her parting shot.)
ELAINE: (pointedly) And you know, you might wanna do something about that hair.
WENDY: Why, what's wrong with my hair?
ELAINE: Huh, I think it's a little old-fashioned. Don't you? (to receptionist) Uh, tell her.
RECEPTIONIST: She's right.
[Nursing Home]
(Jerry and Buddy sit on the bench, reminiscing.)
JERRY: So you were with him that day at the track?
BUDDY: Oh yeah. He won a thousand dollars. His son was there too.
JERRY: Leo?
BUDDY: Yeah, that's it. Leo. Ooh, what an obnoxious little kid. He used to steal my soda bottles. and cash 'em in for the deposits, uh?
JERRY: Is that so?
BUDDY: And, after your grandfather hit the daily double, he gave him a hundred dollars, and told him to give fifty to his sister. His sister? Why I tell you he shoulda give it to me for all the bottles he took!
JERRY: Well, that's very interesting.
(Just then, Uncle Leo strolls up the path to the nursing home. Jerry spots his arrival.)
JERRY: (standing) Uncle Leo! I just met an old acquaintance of yours. (indicates Buddy) You remember Buddy. He just told me quite a story about you and Grandpa at the track.
(Leo's caught out, and looks worried.)
LEO: (defensive) One second...
JERRY: (with a triumphant point) You're busted!
[Lobby, Jerry's Building]
(Jerry enters from the street. Steve is in the lobby, collecting his mail. Jerry decides to be friendly.)
JERRY: Hey, Steve. How you doing?
(Steve turns to Jerry, gives him a disdainful look, and turns away again. Another guy (Jeff) approaches from within the building. Jerry tries the friendly approach again.)
JERRY: Hey, Jeff. What's happening?
(Jeff completely blanks Jerry and goes to get his mail. Jerry spots Mary over by Kramer's gallery wall, and walks across to her.)
JERRY: Mary! Oh, Mary! Give us a kiss.
(Mary moves to avoid Jerry.)
JERRY: Don't be like that, Mary. C'mon, I made a mistake!
MARY: (contemptuous) Look, why don't you do everybody a favour, and just get out of this building? (angry) Nobody wants you here. Nobody!
(Jerry looks downcast. Mary walks over to the mailboxes, where she greets Jeff and Steve.)
JEFF: Hi Mary.
MARY: Hi Jeff. How are you?
(Mary and Jeff kiss hello.)
MARY: Hi Pete. How you doing?
(Mary and Pete kiss hello.)
PETE: Hey, let's go get some coffee.
JEFF: Great idea.
MARY: Oh, that'd be great.
(The three of them exit together chatting happily, watched by a rueful Jerry. Jerry looks at his photo on the wall and adjusts it so it's straight. Then Jerry notices the elevator is about to go up, so he asks a favour of the occupant as he crosses the lobby.)
JERRY: Oh, Paul, could you hold that door...
(But Paul makes no move to hold the door, which shuts in Jerry's face.)
[Hall Outside Kramer's Apartment]
(Jerry, wearing a bathrobe and with a towel round his neck, knocks at Kramer's door. Kramer takes a quick peek through the peephole, then opens the door.)
KRAMER: Hi.
JERRY: Hey. Could I use your shower?
KRAMER: What, again? You took one this morning.
JERRY: (pleading) I got a date. C'mon, please.
KRAMER: I know but I... (waves toward the interior of his apartment) Little problem.
KRAMER: (leaning to look round Kramer) Wendy here?
KRAMER: No no no. She changed her hairstyle, (pulls a face) it's terrible. No, we're done.
(A happy looking guy pushes his way past Kramer and out of the apartment.)
GUY: I'll go get some more beer.
KRAMER: Oh yeah, yeah, great. (calling after the guy) And get some of those blue corn chips.
(An attractive redheaded woman comes along the hallway. Kramer greets her approach.)
KRAMER: Hey.
STEFANIE: Hi Cosmo.
KRAMER: Hi.
STEFANIE: (kisses Kramer hello) Mmmwah.
KRAMER: Ooh, I like that.
JERRY: (impressed) Who's that?
KRAMER: Stefanie. 2-G.
JERRY: Oh man. Looks like you got quite a few people here.
(Jerry tries to see around Kramer into his apartment.)
KRAMER: Yeah yeah. Well uh, you know, I'd invite you in, but uhm... you know.
JERRY: (rueful acceptance) Oh, yeah, I understand.
(Kramer closes the door, and Jerry can be seen peering through the narrowing gap until it shuts.)
[Opening Monologue]
You remember a few years ago in New York, we had the doorman strike? They have a union, in the fancy buildings, and they went out on strike. Now you would think, if any group of people would not wanna demonstrate what life would be like without them, it would be doormen. (as belligerent doorman) "Let's see how they do without us!" There's no doorman, people open the door, they walk in, it's... you know. Who's gonna walk out next? The guys who clean your windshield at the traffic light, with the dirty rag? (as window washer) "We demand shorter yellows, and longer reds!"
[Lobby, Mr. Pitt's Building]
(Jerry comes in from the street and walks toward the elevators. A doorman, stood reading a newspaper on a counter, objects. There's an undertone to the doorman's voice - unfriendly, contemptuous, even an edge of menace.)
DOORMAN: Whoah, whoah, whoah. (rises and turns to Jerry) May I help you?
JERRY: (indicates with his thumb) Yeah, I'm just going up to see Elaine Benes.
DOORMAN: (unfriendly smile) Benes? (moves toward Jerry) No-one here by that name.
JERRY: Oh, she's uh, she's house-sitting for Mr. Pitt.
DOORMAN: Oh. House-sitting, mmm.
JERRY: Yeah.
DOORMAN: What're you, the boyfriend? Here for a... quickie?
JERRY: Can I just go up?
DOORMAN: Oh, I get it. Why waste time making small talk with the doorman? I should just shut up and do my job, opening the door for you.
(The doorman wanders back to his newspaper. Jerry shrugs and pushes the button for one of the elevators. There's a pause as he waits for it to arrive. The doorman stands holding his paper, staring at Jerry, with the unfriendly smile on his face. Jerry throws a smile of his own back. The elevator is still not moving. Jerry tries to break the uncomfortable silence.)
JERRY: How 'bout those Knicks?
DOORMAN: Oh, I see. On the sports page...
JERRY: Yeah.
DOORMAN: ...What makes you think I wasn't reading the Wall Street page? Oh, I know, because I'm the uneducated doorman.
(Jerry turns away and looks at the indicator, hoping that the elevator will come and rescue him.)
[Street]
(George and Kramer walk along together.)
KRAMER: So, you think your parents'll get back together?
GEORGE: I hope so. I can't take him living with me much longer. He makes this kasha, it stinks up the whole house.
(Kramer has noticed a 'Sightseeing Tour' bus on the street, with a German flag painted on the door. It gives him an idea. Kramer steps in front of George and brings them to a halt.)
KRAMER: Hey, George, stick 'em up.
GEORGE: What?
KRAMER: For these German tourists. Pretend that I'm robbing you.
GEORGE: Why?
KRAMER: So these people can go back home and tell their friends they saw a real New York mugging. It'll give them a thrill.
(Kramer pushes his hand deep into a pocket and raises his arm, giving the impression that he has a gun concealed beneath his coat.)
KRAMER: Awright, hands up, porky!
(On the tourist bus, the occupants attention is attracted. They look out the window at the 'mugging'. George has his hands up, and Kramer is feeling through George's pockets with his free hand.)
KRAMER: That's it. Now, gimme your wallet. Got it in here, huh, fat boy!
(The tourist are looking out of the bus. Shocked, they knock on the glass. Kramer grabs George by the collar of his jacket and is shaking him violently.)
KRAMER: (aggressive) Is that all you got?! Hah? Is that all you got?!
GEORGE: Alright, that's enough.
KRAMER: I'll tell you when it's enough! (he releases George) Alright, now you better not say anything, or I'll stalk you!
Kramer walks away. The tourists stare, horrified at what they've witnessed.
[Mr. Pitt's Apartment]
(Elaine admits Jerry to the apartment.)
ELAINE: Where've you been? We're gonna miss the movie, let's go.
(Elaine collects her bag, in readiness to leave.)
JERRY: I am not going back down there. I can't face that guy again.
ELAINE: What guy?
JERRY: The doorman. I don't wanna play anymore of his mindgames. What time does he get off?
ELAINE: Six. But then the night doorman comes on. He's much scarier. (scary noise) Whugh! (laughs) Ha-ha.
JERRY: Well, it's almost six now. Can't we just wait til he goes home?
ELAINE: (unhappy) I...
JERRY: We'll still make the movie.
ELAINE: (accepting) Okay, okay.
(Jerry and Elaine sit on the couch to wait. They simultaneously look at their watches.)
[George's Apartment]
(George and Kramer wear their jackets, ready to leave. Frank is in a shirt, mixing a bowl (of kasha?) as they talk.)
GEORGE: What'd you do today, dad?
FRANK: Today, I went record shopping in Greenwich Village. I bought this record, but I can't seem to find the hi-fi.
GEORGE: I don't have a hi-fi.
FRANK: Didn't I give you my old record player?
GEORGE: (leaving to the bedroom) I gave it to Cosmo.
FRANK: Cosmo? Who's Cosmo?
KRAMER: I'm Cosmo.
FRANK: Well, I want it back. I wanna listen to that cha-cha record.
KRAMER: (little dance) One-two, cha-cha-cha.
GEORGE: (coming back in) Alright, alright. Can we go out and eat?
FRANK: (putting down the bowl) Lemme change my shirt.
(George and Kramer stand together, by George's computer. Frank unfastens his shirt and opens it. Kramer and George turn and see Frank's torso exposed as the shirt comes off. Kramer's eyebrows go up in surprise. George looks horrified, and puts his hand to his mouth like he's going to vomit.)
[Mr. Pitt's Apartment]
(Elaine still sits on the couch. Jerry is standing at the window, holding the curtain open and looking down at the street.)
ELAINE: Jerry, it's six. (claps her hands) Let's go.
JERRY: Uh, that doorman's still milling around outside. He's very peculiar.
(The phone on Mr. Pitt's desk rings. Jerry is nearer, so he moves to answer it.)
ELAINE: No, don't...
JERRY: (picks up phone) Hello? (listens) Oh, hi Mr. Pitt.
(Elaine looks exasperated.)
ELAINE: (quietly) Give that to me.
ELAINE: (taking the phone) Hello Mr. Pitt. How's Scotland?
(Mr. Pitt sits in a comfortable chair in Scotland.)
MR. PITT: (concerned) Elaine, are you having a party?
ELAINE: A party. Oh no, that was just my stupid friend Jerry.
(Jerry is peering out of the window again.)
JERRY: Alright, he just left. We can go.
MR. PITT: (stern) Because there's to be no entertaining while I'm gone.
ELAINE: Believe me, we're not entertained. We were just leaving. (to Jerry) Oh, can you grab those empty bottles for me.
(Jerry picks up a paper sack of empty bottles from the floor by the desk.)
MR. PITT: I need to know what's in the mail.
ELAINE: Oh, well, Mr. Pitt, there's really nothing that can't wait. We're trying to catch a movie.
MR. PITT: (resolute) Well, you better catch the later show, because I need to know what's in the mail.
ELAINE: Alright. (to Jerry, upset) I can't go.
(Jerry gives an irritated glance upwards and goes to leave.)
[Lobby, Mr. Pitt's Building]
(Jerry emerges from the elevator (without the bottles). There is a new doorman on duty, who gives Jerry a friendly nod and smile and holds the door open for him. Jerry nods and smiles back, and leaves.)
[Mr. Pitt's Apartment]
(Elaine is kneeling with the phone. She has Mr. Pitt's mail spread out on the floor in front of her and is going through it for Mr. Pitt's benefit.)
ELAINE: ...Uhm, the new Time magazine. The new People...
MR. PITT (O.C.): (piqued interest) Oh, who's on the cover?
[Street]
(Jerry walks down the street. He passes a doorway, where stands a familiar figure. The doorman still has the attitude problem.)
DOORMAN: Hey, buddy.
JERRY: (surprise) You? Wh...what're you doing here? You work at this building too?
DOORMAN: Ah, sure. Poor doorman has to work two jobs to put food on the table for mother and baby. (supercilious) No, I live here. That's okay, isn't it?
JERRY: So you work all day as a doorman at one building. Then you come home and stand outside your own building?
DOORMAN: You got a problem with that?
JERRY: Look, I'm not going in your building. I really don't have to talk to you. Goodbye.
(Jerry walks away.)
DOORMAN: (calling after Jerry) You really think you're better than me, don't you?!
[Monk's]
(George and Kramer sit one side of a booth, facing Jerry. George is wearing a purple shirt. Kramer's eating a sandwich heartily. George looks as if he might never want to eat again.)
GEORGE: My father opened his shirt...
JERRY: Yeah, and?
GEORGE: (nods to Kramer) Tell him, Kramer.
KRAMER: (matter of fact) He had breasts.
(George nods, Jerry has a confused expression. Kramer keeps on eating. Jerry thinks for a moment, George can't even look anyone in the eye.)
JERRY: What d'you mean, breasts?
GEORGE: (waves his hands) Big breasts!
JERRY: So what? A lot of older men have that.
KRAMER: No, not these. These were real hooters.
(Jerry pulls a face at the thought.)
GEORGE: I was throwing up all night. It was like my own personal Crying Game.
KRAMER: Well, maybe you're gonna get 'em too, George.
GEORGE: (worried) Yeah, that's right. What if it's a genetic thing, like father like son?
JERRY: But, your father's not bald.
GEORGE: No, no no. That skips a generation. The baldness gene comes from your grandfather.
JERRY: Then I suppose the bosom gene comes from your grandmother.
(George snaps his finger and points, in agreement with Jerry. He continues to look deeply worried.)
KRAMER: You know, Frank can't be too comfortable with those things clanging around. He should wear something for support.
GEORGE: You mean like a bra?
KRAMER: A bra is for ladies. I'm talking about a support undergarment specifically designed for men.
JERRY: Boy, that brain never stops working, does it?
KRAMER: I tell you, I'm gonna go noodle with this.
(Kramer leaves. A buxom blonde woman in a purple shirt is making her way to the door, as she passes the booth she notices George.)
BUXOM WOMAN: (indicating her shirt with her finger) Hey, we're twins.
GEORGE: (thinking she means the breasts) What!!
BUXOM WOMAN: Our shirts. They're the same.
GEORGE: Oh, Huh, imagine that.
(The woman smiles and leaves. Elaine enters Monk's and comes over to Jerry. She's not happy about something.)
ELAINE: (to Jerry) What? What'd you say to the doorman?
JERRY: What? Nothing.
ELAINE: (sitting beside Jerry) He claims that you followed him home, and started harassing him.
JERRY: What has this guy got a personal vendetta with me?! What'd I do to him? 'Cos I asked him about the Knicks?
ELAINE: Hey, did you make the movie?
JERRY: No.
ELAINE: You wanna go tonight? You can pick me up.
JERRY: Alright. Can we go to a later show, so he's off his shift when I come by?
ELAINE: Ugh. So now we have to rearrange our lives to avoid the doorman?
JERRY: Yes, we do.
(Elaine looks over at George, wondering what he's doing. George is holding the neck of his shirt open, and is peering down the inside of the garment at his chest. As Elaine and Jerry watch, George jiggles his upper body, to see if there's any movement.)
ELAINE: What is wrong with George?
JERRY: He's... trying to get something off his chest.
(George ends his experiment, and rises to leave. He digs in his wallet to pay the cheque.)
GEORGE: (agitated) Alright, I gotta try and talk my mother into taking him off my hands.
[Lobby, Mr. Pitt's Building]
(Jerry enters from the street, only to find the unpleasant doorman standing inside the lobby. The doorman's demeanour hasn't improved.)
DOORMAN: Help you?
JERRY: (jumps in surprise) Hoh! What're you doing here? You're supposed to be gone.
DOORMAN: I traded shifts with the night doorman. He had some personal affairs to attend to. You see, my fellow doorman and I watch out for each other. We don't stab each other in the back, like people in your world.
JERRY: (trying to ease the tension) Look, I don't want any trouble. I don't have a doorman in my building. I guess I'm just not used to talking to them. I'd really just like to be friends.
DOORMAN: You wanna be friends?
JERRY: I'd like to be.
DOORMAN: Then watch the door for a minute, would you?
(The doorman swaps places with Jerry, putting Jerry beside the counter.)
JERRY: What?
DOORMAN: Yeah, I just wanna run and get a beer. I'll be back in a minute.
JERRY: Wha...? Wai... wait a second. What do I do?
DOORMAN: It's not brain surgery. You open the door for people who live here. And, if they don't live here, don't let them in. (takes off his hat) Here. (putting it on Jerry's head) Wear that.
JERRY: Oh.
(The doorman goes out the door. Jerry takes off the hat, which he's not thrilled about wearing, and leans on the counter. The doors of an elevator open, and a young woman pushing a baby buggy emerges and heads for the exit. After a second, Jerry realises his job. He puts on the hat and opens the door to allow the woman to leave. AS he opens the door, a man enters and strolls past Jerry into the elevator vacated by the woman.)
JERRY: (to the man in the elevator) Hey, hey. Wait a second. Hey! Hello!
(The man takes no notice of Jerry, the doors close. The street door opens and another, older guy, enters. Jerry moves and challenges him.)
JERRY: Hey, hey, wait a second. You live here?
MR. GREEN: (indignant) Of course I live here. I've lived here for twenty years. Now, if you don't let me in, I'm going to call the police and have you arrested.
(Jerry steps aside and motions for the guy to carry on into the building, but he looks resentful about it.)
JERRY: (after the guy) You think you're better than me?
[Bus]
(George is riding the bus. As the vehicle travels along the street, it rattles, shakes and shudders like all poorly maintained public transport. George is strap-hanging, and he gets a worried look as he feels there might be some movement on his chest. He puts his hands on his chest, then notices another guy on the buss looking at him. Self-consciously, George pulls his coat tight shut, and crosses his arms firmly.)
[Lobby, Mr. Pitt's Building]
(Jerry is standing behind the counter, reading the doorman's newspaper. A FedEx delivery guy enters with a package, lays it on the counter and scans a barcode on it with a little device he takes from his pocket. Jerry watches, disinterested. There is a brief pause, as the FedEx guy waits for something.)
DELIVERY GUY: (indicating) You have to sign for it.
JERRY: Oh, right.
(Jerry takes the FedEx guy's pen and signs for the package, then goes back to the newspaper.)
DELIVERY GUY: (with a smile) Hey, how 'bout those Knicks, huh?
(Jerry gives the guy a hostile look, much as the doorman might.)
JERRY: (dismissive) Yeah, yeah, yeah.
(The FedEx guy leaves, looking a touch unhappy at Jerry's attitude. Jerry puts the paper down, and goes to have a look through the door. There's no sign of the doorman, so Jerry tosses the hat onto the counter, dismissing it with a wave of the hand as he moves to the elevator.)
[George's Apartment]
(Frank opens the door, to reveal Kramer, carrying a large portable record player.)
KRAMER: Hey. I uh, brought back your record player, huh.
FRANK: Thank you, Kramer.
KRAMER: Yeah.
FRANK: (indicating a chair) Put it over there.
(Kramer dumps the record player on the chair. Frank goes to the couch, not moving very easily.)
KRAMER: So, how you feeling?
FRANK: Tired.
KRAMER: Uh huh. Your back hurt?
FRANK: How did you know?
KRAMER: Well, it's obvious, you know. You're carrying a lot of extra baggage up there.
FRANK: (looks down, and indicates his chest) Up here?
KRAMER: Oh, yeah. Top floor. (sits beside Frank) Listen, Frank, have you ever considered wearing something for support? Now, look at this. (reaches into his pocket) Mind you, this is just a prototype.
(Kramer brings out a garment constructed of canvas and elasticated fabric.)
FRANK: You want me to wear a bra?!
KRAMER: No, no. A bra is for ladies.
(Kramer holds the garment up to his own chest.)
KRAMER: Meet, the bro.
[Estelle's Car]
(Estelle is driving a preoccupied-looking George.)
ESTELLE: So, is your father excited about coming home?
(George is miles away.)
ESTELLE: George?
GEORGE: (broaching a subject) Hey mom. What kind of woman was grandma?
ESTELLE: All of a sudden you're interested in your grandmother?
GEORGE: Well, you know. You get to a certain point, you wanna know about your roots.
ESTELLE: She was a lovely woman.
GEORGE: Yuh. What about physically?
ESTELLE: Physically?
GEORGE: Yeah, you know, what'd she uh, look like?
ESTELLE: Well, you've seen pictures.
GEORGE: (to himself) You can't tell much from those pictures.
ESTELLE: So what?
GEORGE: Was she uh, was she a big, uh woman?
ESTELLE: Big? No, just my height.
GEORGE: Bosomy?
ESTELLE: Bosomy? You wanna know if your grandmother was bosomy?!
GEORGE: (trying to laugh it off) No, I was just wondering. The information could be relevant.
ESTELLE: Where do you get your genes from?!
GEORGE: (to himself) That's what I'd like to know.
[Elevator, Mr. Pitt's Building]
(Elaine and Jerry ride down.)
ELAINE: I can't believe you left your post.
JERRY: He left me there. You see the mind games?
(The bell rings as they reach the lobby, and the doors open.)
[Lobby, Mr. Pitt's Building]
(Elaine and Jerry emerge into the lobby to find four or five tenants standing around, and a uniformed cop taking notes.)
ELAINE: (to one of the tenants) Hey, what's up? What's going on here?
TENANT 1: Somebody stole the couch out of the lobby.
(Jerry and Elaine look shocked.)
TENANT 2: Where's the doorman? How come someone wasn't watching the door?
ELAINE: (quietly to Jerry) Jerry, let's get out of here.
JERRY: Yeah.
(Elaine and Jerry depart the scene of the crime in some haste.)
[George's Apartment]
(Frank's cha-cha record is playing loudly on the record player. Frank and Kramer are half-dancing to the music, as Frank tries on the bro. Kramer stands behind Frank, making adjustments to the garment. The door opens and George and Estelle enter. They see the dancing twosome, and the undergarment, and look stunned.)
ESTELLE: (shocked) Oh, my god!
(George is frozen, staring. Kramer carries on dancing, behind a relatively unfazed Frank.)
[Jerry's Apartment]
(The lighting, with moonlight coming through the blinds, and Elaine's red dress, give a very noirish look to the scene.)
ELAINE: What were you doing watching the door anyway?
JERRY: He asked me to. We were getting along.
ELAINE: (thinking) You know, my fingerprints are all over this. That doorman knows you're a friend of mine. He'll tell that co-op lady, she'll tell Mr. Pitt... Jerry, I'm in this too deep.
JERRY: Don't you find it odd that as soon as he leaves, the couch gets stolen? Maybe he's setting me up!
ELAINE: (taking command) Alright, shut up. Shut up. Just let me think. I gotta think. We gotta get our story straight.
JERRY: Alright, well what if we say...
ELAINE: Alright, (claps hands) here it is. This is what we'll tell 'em. You came to pick me up...
JERRY: I came to pick you up.
ELAINE: Yeah. That's what I just said.
JERRY: I know. I was just...
ELAINE: Yeah, I know what you were just. It's not helping.
JERRY: Alright, well. Just, start again, then.
ELAINE: Okay, you came to pick me up at...
JERRY: Right.
ELAINE: You see? Again.
JERRY: What? I said right.
(Elaine give Jerry a look like he's an idiot.)
ELAINE: Alright, you came right upstairs, without talking to the doorman.
JERRY: But the doorman's gonna say that I was there.
ELAINE: (intense) So what? No-one's gonna believe a doorman!
JERRY: But I don't know if this is gonna work.
ELAINE: (aggressive, with finger pointing) Just stick with the story. We'll be fine. Let me do the talking!
JERRY: Okay.
ELAINE: Good. Now fix me a drink.
[George's Apartment]
(Frank has his shirt back on, over the bro.)
KRAMER: How's that feel?
FRANK: This feels very comfortable.
KRAMER: You see?
FRANK: I feel ten years younger.
KRAMER: Yeah, and your posture's a lot better. Look at you.
(Frank walks a few paces.)
FRANK: And I can breathe easier, too.
KRAMER: I told you! Now, Frank, listen. Here's what I'm thinking. Now, you have a friend in the bra business, right?
FRANK: Of course. Sid Farkus. He's the best in the business.
KRAMER: (claps his hands) Here's our chance. What d'you say? It'll be me, you and the bro, bro.
FRANK: Let's do it!
(Kramer and Frank share an elaborate and forceful handshake.)
FRANK: Except, we gotta do something about the name.
KRAMER: Why, what's wrong with bro?
FRANK: No, bro's no good. Too ethnic.
KRAMER: Alright, you got something better?
FRANK: How 'bout uh... the mansiere?
KRAMER: Mansiere?
FRANK: That's right. A brassiere for a man. The mansiere, get it?
(George enters, unhappy. He tosses his keys aside.)
GEORGE: (upset) Well, you've scared her off. We may never see mom again.
FRANK: Hey George, what d'you like better? The bro, or the mansiere?
(George looks down at the floor for a few seconds.)
GEORGE: Dad. We need to talk.
[Lobby, Mr. Pitt's Building]
(The unpleasant doorman is being grilled by a severe looking Mrs. Payton.)
DOORMAN: I had to use the bathroom, so I asked this guy to watch the door for a few minutes.
(Behind Mrs. Payton, Elaine enters from the street and strolls to the elevator.)
MRS. PAYTON: Why should I believe you?
DOORMAN: (indicating Elaine) Actually, it was her friend.
(Elaine turns as she hears this, and Mrs. Payton goes to talk to her. Elaine looks a tad worried at first but, of course, she has a plan.)
MRS. PAYTON: I was just speaking to the doorman here, about the couch robbery.
(The doorman peers over at the conversing)
ELAINE: Oh really? (skeptical) The doorman. And, pray tell, what did the doorman say?
MRS. PAYTON: He said he asked a friend of yours to watch the door.
ELAINE: (dismissive) Oh, my. Well, the doorman certainly has a wild imagination, doesn't he?
(Meanwhile, the doorman has discovered something behind the counter. He brings out the FedEx package Jerry signed for and carried it toward Mrs. Payton.)
DOORMAN: Well... what do we have here? Perhaps Miss Benes could explain why a Jerry Seinfeld signed for this package (handing the package to Mrs. Payton) at the exact same time the couch was stolen.
(Mrs. Payton and the doorman both look at Elaine. Elaine looks sick, as she's caught out.)
ELAINE: (in a rush) He never watched a door before, Mrs Payton, he didn't know how to do it. (pleading) You know, he's a comedian, Mrs Payton, they don't know how to do anything.
(The doorman walks silently away with the package and a quiet smile of triumph.)
ELAINE: (desperate) Don't you see what's going on here? He set us up. He's playing all these mindgames.
(The doorman stands behind his counter, smiling at Elaine's discomfiture.)
[Monk's]
(Jerry and a downcast George sit one side of a booth, with an animated Elaine facing them.)
JERRY: You're saying I'm responsible for the couch?
ELAINE: (worked up) There was nothing I could do. He said he had a Federal Express slip with your signature on it.
JERRY: (livid) Diabolical. He thought of everything. He was setting me up from day one!
ELAINE: Is it possible we were victims of a sting?
JERRY: I'm sure he's having a good laugh over this with his doorman buddies.
(Jerry stares off, as he imagines...)
[Jerry's Imagination]
(In the lobby of Mr. Pitt's building, a bunch of doormen stand around the unpleasant doorman, laughing at his tale.)
DOORMAN 2: So, you didn't even (indistinct) watch the couch?
DOORMAN: No. I was just messing with his head.
DOORMAN 2: And they think they're better than us?
(The doormen whoop it up again)
[Monk's]
(Jerry has an expression of pure hatred for all doormen.)
ELAINE: Anyway, Jerry... Jerry?
(Jerry snaps back to the here and now.)
ELAINE: We have to replace the couch.
JERRY: Now we have to buy a new couch?!
(A thought occurs to George.)
GEORGE: (crafty) Not necessarily. Why don't you take back the couch you gave me?
JERRY: The one with the Poppie stain?!
GEORGE: Yeah, sure. (big smile) Then my father will have no place to sleep. (snaps fingers) He's gotta move out.
ELAINE: But it's got a pee-stain on it.
GEORGE: No, the cushion's turned over.
ELAINE: (not sure) I guess.
GEORGE: (enthusiastic) Yeah. You get a couch. I get rid of my father. It couldn't be more perfect!
[Sid Farkus' Office]
(Sid Farkus sits behind his desk, in front of which sit Kramer and Frank. Kramer is holding his invention as they pitch it to Farkus.)
KRAMER: Now, it's called the bro.
FRANK: Or, the mansiere.
KRAMER: Yeah, but I prefer the bro.
FRANK: I like mansiere.
(Kramer puts the bro on the desk.)
FARKUS: Well, I have to tell you, it's a very interesting idea.
KRAMER: Yeah.
FARKUS: You know, selling bras exclusively to women, we're really only utilising fifty percent of the market.
FRANK: (to Kramer) That's what we figured, huh?
KRAMER: (to Frank) I told you.
FARKUS: And, to be perfectly frank, I've always felt I could use some support. I know, when I'm wearing Banlon, there appears to be some jiggling.
FRANK: (vehement) I wouldn't be caught dead in Banlon.
(Kramer shakes his head at the very thought of Banlon.)
FARKUS: (indicating the bro) So uh, what d'you see in the back? Hooks? Velcro? What?
KRAMER: Uh.
FRANK: Definitely velcro.
(Farkus gives a questioning look to Kramer.)
KRAMER: Say you're getting intimate with a woman uh, you don't want her fumbling and struggling back there.
(The three of them chuckle at the thought.)
KRAMER: I think we've all experienced that.
(They share a manly laugh.)
FARKUS: Summer nights.
(The laughter continues for a moment.)
KRAMER: (pointing at Farkus) Very funny.
FARKUS: Well, I still have to talk about this to Mr. Degrunmont...
KRAMER: Of course, yes.
FARKUS: ...But, barring any unforeseen developments, gentlemen, I think we're sitting on a winner.
(Farkus offers his hand. Kramer shakes, and then takes his prototype and moves toward the door. Frank then shakes Farkus' hand.)
FARKUS: (sympathy) Frank, I wanna tell you how sorry I am to hear about you and Estelle separating.
(Kramer hovers behind Frank, waiting to leave.)
FRANK: Oh, thank you, Sid, but that's all in the past. I'm ready to move on.
FARKUS: (thoughtful) I've always been very fond of Estelle. Beautiful woman. I uh, I hope you don't think uh, this is out of line, but would it be okay with you, if I were to ask her out?
FRANK: (anger) You wanna go out with my wife?! (rage) Where do you get the nerve to ask me something like that?!
FARKUS: Oh, no, Frank, I was just saying...
(Kramer tries to calm Frank down.)
FRANK: I know what you're saying, and I know what you're thinking!!
FARKUS: No, Frank...
FRANK: C'mon, Cosmo, I'm not doing business with this guy.
(Frank storms out in a rage. Kramer gives Farkus an 'I'll calm him down' look and follows Frank out the door.)
KRAMER (O.C.): Frank!
[George's Apartment]
(Frank and Kramer have just arrived, to find George packing a suitcase.)
GEORGE: Jerry took the couch back.
FRANK: He took it back? Didn't you tell him I was using it?
GEORGE: Oh, I pleaded with him.
FRANK: Where am I supposed to sleep?
GEORGE: Well, I took the liberty of packing your things. (gleeful) Mom's coming to get you.
KRAMER: I thought Jerry didn't want that couch, because of the stain?
(George waves at Kramer to shut the hell up.)
FRANK: What stain?
KRAMER: Oh, you didn't notice? It has a pee-stain.
(George bites his lip and shakes his head.)
FRANK: (disbelief) You had me sleeping on a pee-stained couch?
GEORGE: (light) No. No, no, no. The cushion was turned over.
FRANK: (anger) But, the very idea. you had me lying in urine!!
(George flashes Kramer an aggrieved look. There is a knock at the door.)
GEORGE: Ah! There's mom, there's mom.
(George races over and opens the door.)
ESTELLE: Is it safe to come in?
GEORGE: Oh, of course. (motioning Estelle to enter) Of course.
ESTELLE: You're not having any of your transvestite parties?
FRANK: Will you stop it?
ESTELLE: (to Kramer) I lived with him for forty years, I never saw him trying on my underwear. As soon as he leaves the house, he turns into J. Edgar Hoover!
(As Estelle speaks, Frank goes into the bedroom and brings out the record player.)
FRANK: Here, Cosmo...
KRAMER: Oh, hey.
FRANK: ...You can have the hi-fi. (hands it over) I don't need it now...
KRAMER: Awright, I got it.
FRANK: ...I got one at home.
(George is helping Frank on with his coat, a happy smile beaming from his face.)
ESTELLE: Alright, let's go.
(Kramer opens the door.)
FRANK: We'll go out for dinner tonight.
ESTELLE: I can't tonight, I'm busy.
FRANK: What d'you mean, busy?
ESTELLE: I'm having dinner with someone.
FRANK: With whom?
(George drapes the coat across Frank's shoulders.)
ESTELLE: Sid Farkus.
FRANK: (anger) Sid Farkus?! You're not having dinner with a bra salesman.
(George has picked up Frank's three suitcases, and is all ready to help carry them out to the car.)
ESTELLE: Hey, he only sells them. He doesn't wear 'em.
FRANK: Okay, that's it! I'm not coming home!
(Frank sits down in a chair. George's face drops.)
GEORGE: (upset) But you can't stay here. There's no place to sleep!
FRANK: We'll work something out.
(George drops the cases in disappointment.)
[Street]
(The German sightseeing bus comes to a halt at the kerb. Kramer comes around the corner, carrying the record player in his arms. An elderly woman, one of the witnesses to the 'mugging' of George, recognises Kramer as he passes. She climbs out of the bus and points after Kramer.)
GERMAN WOMAN: Stop him! Ja, ja, ja, it's him!
(Kramer looks back at the sound and sees the woman coming after him. He turns back and continues walking. The other German tourists get off the bus and join the woman as she follows Kramer.)
GERMAN WOMAN: Stop that man! It's him.
(Kramer looks worried and continues to carry his record player, pushing past bystanders as the tourists close on him.)
GERMAN WOMAN: Somebody, stop him! Please, quick. Stop, it's him. I know, I know. Help. Stop him.
(Kramer dives into a doorway, but the doors are locked, so he's trapped by the tourists, who block his escape.)
HORST: Hey, hey. (pointing) That record player is not yours.
KRAMER: Now, look. Somebody gave it to me.
HORST: You're a thief. We have proof.
(Horst spots the straps of the bro hanging from Kramer's pocket.)
HORST: What is that?
(Kramer puts down the record player and brings out the bro. He holds it up against his body, to illustrate his words.)
KRAMER: The first upper-body support undergarment, specifically designed for men.
(One of the tourists nudges another, portlier, tourist on the shoulder at Kramer's explanation.)
HORST: How does it connect in the back? With a hook?
KRAMER: Oh, no, no. (demonstrates) Here, velcro.
(The portlier German reaches for Kramer's bro. The tourists are all looking much more jovial.)
HORST: (to the portly German) Ooh, (indistinct German) ...keine problem, ah?
(The tourists laugh uproariously, with Kramer joining in, and the portly German holding the bro up to himself.)
HORST: Is gut, ja?
[Lobby, Mr. Pitt's Building]
(Jerry and Elaine have just dropped off the couch into the lobby. Mrs. Payton regards it critically. The doorman stands in the background as the delivery men leave.)
MRS. PAYTON: Well, I suppose it'll have to do.
ELAINE: It's a beautiful couch.
JERRY: It's hardly been used.
(Elaine and Mrs. Payton walk away together. An elevator arrives, and a familiar character steps out and is noticed by Jerry.)
JERRY: Poppie!
POPPIE: Oh, hello, Jerry.
JERRY: What're you doing here?
POPPIE: Visiting my friend.
JERRY: Ohh. Hey, how you feeling?
POPPIE: Oh, much better, much better. The doctors say I cannot have no aggravation.
JERRY: Hmm.
POPPIE: So, I sell the restaurant, uh? I just take it easy. See, if I get excited, 'ats aggravated my condition. The last time I got aggravated, was in the restaurant. With your friend.
(Poppie holds his hands out, indicating someone of Elaine's height. Jerry nods, remembering and in sympathy.)
POPPIE: She start the big fight, about abortion.
(Elaine comes back over to Jerry and the couch. Poppie spots her approach, and is not happy.)
POPPIE: It's you! It's you!
ELAINE: Wha...?
POPPIE: You! I... I gotta sit down!
(Poppie, aggravated, moves toward the couch.)
JERRY: No, Poppie! No!!
(Poppie sinks onto the couch, despite the pleas, and horrified expressions, of Jerry and Elaine.)
[George's Apartment]
(George sits up in bed reading a magazine. Frank enters, carrying a small bowl. George puts his magazine to one side, as Frank carefully climbs into bed whilst keeping hold of the bowl. George takes off his glasses, as Frank settles back. Picking up a spoon from the bowl Frank is about to eat, when a thought occurs. Carefully, Frank reaches over with the spoon, to offer George a taste.)
FRANK: Kasha?
(George looks disdainfully at the spoonful. A few morsels have fallen onto the bedclothes, George picks them up and puts them back into Frank's bowl.)
GEORGE: No. Thanks, dad.
(Wearily, George puts his glasses on the bedside table, and switches off his bedside lamp, bringing darkness to the room. George shuffles down beneath the bedclothes, to get comfortable, just as Frank switches on his bedside lamp. Exasperated, George lifts his pillow and places it over his own face, as Frank continues to eat his kasha.)
[The New York Health Club. Jerry, Kramer and George are getting dressed]
GEORGE: " That guy was amazing, he could dunk and he was my height...What was his name again?"
JERRY: "Jimmy"
GEORGE: "Jimmy, right."
JERRY: "I dunno how you could forget . He kept reffering to himself in the third person. "Jimmy's under the boards. Jimmy's in the open. Jimmy makes the shot."
GEORGE: "Ah! your just mad 'cause we beat ya."
KRAMER: "Jerry it's my fault .I couldn't make a shot. These losses they stay with me. They (?) Jerry. Now this is gonna plague me."( Puts on aftershave and cries out) OH! Mother!!!"
(Jimmy walks in)
GEORGE: "HEY! JIMMY!!! ha ha ha........Great game."
JIMMY: "OH yeah.......Jimmy played pretty good."
GEORGE: "Hey you know , I felt we had like a synergy out there,you know, like we were really helping each other."
KRAMER: "What d'you got there?"
JIMMY: "These?"
KRAMER: "Yeah"
JIMMY: "These are Jimmy's training shoes."
GEORGE: "Yeah,yeah yeah yeah! I've seen these.....they sorta ..they make your legs..stronger."
JIMMY: "Oh yeah! Jimmy couldn't jump at all before he got these. Jimmy was like you (looks at George)
KRAMER: "They're Plyometric.(sp?)"
GEORGE: "Plyometric?"
KRAMER: "Yeah! They isolate the muscles. The muscle has to grow....or die."
GEORGE: (to Jimmy) Wh...Where d'you get'em?"
JIMMY: "Jimmy sells'em."
GEORGE: "You sell them?"
JIMMY: "Oh yeah! But Jimmy's all out right now. Moving to Manhattan set Jimmy back a bit."
GEORGE: "Hey listen, let me give you my card. It's got my home number on it. I want to buy the first pair when the next shipment comes in."
JIMMY: "All right"
GEORGE: "All right Jimmy Good talking to ya."
JIMMY: "Jimmy'll see you around."
(Jimmy leaves.)
GEORGE: "What day is today?....Aw. ..Tuesday! Damn it. I shouldn't have worked out today. Mr Wilhem has called a big meeting and now I'm gonna be sweating through the whole thing."
JERRY: "Why. You took a shower?"
GEORGE: "Aahhrgh...it wouldn't take...... long pause, audience laughter) ten minutes from now, I'll be sweating all over again ,I can feel it. I'm a human heat pump!"
KRAMER: "You should take cold showers."
GEORGE: "Cold showers? They're for psychotics."
KRAMER: "Well I take 'em........They give me a Whooooosh."
GEORGE: "All right, I'll see you guys later."
JERRY: "Aw right."
KRAMER: "So, you're heading home?"
JERRY: "No...Got dental appointment."
KRAMER: "Ah! what.. Tim Whatley?
JERRY: "Yeah!"
KRAMER: "Oh yeah.! I got a check up on Thursday."
JERRY: "Oh! How d'you like that?"
KRAMER: "You know.. You really shouldn't brush 24 hours before seeing the dentist."
JERRY: "I think that's eat 24 hours before surgery."
KRAMER: "Oh no, you got to eat before surgery, you need your strength."
(Kramer leaves. Jerry is speechless.)
[Meeting at Yankee Stadium.]
WILHELM: "I called this meeting because we......have........a problem. For the last few months someone has been stealing equipment from the club. Until recently it's been little things, y'know; bases, batting helmets, donuts, but two nights ago they pulled the big one. "
(The camera goes back and forth from Wilhem to George who keeps pulling on his collar he's sweating.)
WILHELM: "They took a pitching machine, a batting cage ,the in-field tarp and all of Mr Steinbrenner's vitamins.. Now , we have reasons to believe it's an inside job."
GEORGE: (still puffing)" Whoa!!"
WILHELM: "If anybody here knows anything about it I recommend strongly that...you come forward."
(Wilhem looks at George who's sweating so much it seems he's hiding something.)
[Scene cuts to Tim Whatley's dental office.]
RECEPTIONIST: "Dr Whatley's running a little late. If you'd like to take a seat, I'll call you when he's ready."
JERRY: "All right."
(Jerry sits down and browses through the magazine on the table and discovers Tim has Penthouse magazines for patients to read.)
[Scene then switches to Jerry's apartment. Elaine is on the phone.]
ELAINE: "Oh! Okay. Right. Thanks Mr Pitt....'kay. ..goodbye."
ELAINE: (to Jerry) "Hey ! You want to go see "The Velvet Fog".
JERRY: "The Velvet fog?"
ELAINE: "Yeah! Mel Tormé, That's his nickname."
JERRY: "What the hell his a velvet fog."
ELAINE: "Do you wanna go or not?"
JERRY: "Well , where is it?."
ELAINE: "He's performing at this AMCA benefit."
JERRY: "AMCA?"
ELAINE: "Able Mentally Challenged Adults"
JERRY: "Naaaaaa...I can't watch a man sing a song."
ELAINE: "What are you..crazy?"
JERRY: "They get all emotional , they sway. It's embarrassing."
ELAINE: "Well, what am I gonna do for a date.?...Oh! do you know that ..hemmm! blond guy who's always at the exercycle at the health club?"
JERRY: "I don't think so."
ELAINE: "Yeah yeah! He's really handsome with those..."
JERRY: (interrupting) "Elaine , I really don't...............pay much attention to men`s faces."
ELAINE: "You can't find beauty in a man?"
JERRY: "No... I find them repugnant and unappealing."
(Kramer bursts in)
KRAMER: "Hey!"
JERRY: (pointing Kramer) "To wit"
KRAMER: "What?"
JERRY: "No ,Elaine and I we're just discussing whether I could admit a man is attractive."
KRAMER: " Hmm! Oh! Yeah. I'll tell you who is an attractive man; Gorge Will."
JERRY: "Really!"
KRAMER: "Yeah! He has clean looks, scrubbed and shampooed and...."
ELAINE: "He's smart...."
KRAMER: "No, no I don't find him all that bright."
KRAMER: "So you got any cavities?"
JERRY: "Just one....gotta go back.....Oh but get this. Elaine, you will appreciate this. I'm sitting in Tim Whatley's waiting room...He's got a Penthouse right out on the table."
ELAINE: "Penthouse?"
JERRY: "Yeah!!! What is that? I mean isn't that sick. I mean , I'd be embarrassed to have that in my apartment."
KRAMER: "So what's wrong with that?
JERRY: (outraged) He's a doctor!.I mean it's supposed to be like a sterile environment."
KRAMER: "So... Did you take a look?"
JERRY: "Of course.... But that's got nothing to do with it."
KRAMER: "Well I'll tell you I'm looking forward to my appointment on Thursday. I might even get there a few minutes early."
(George comes in. Kramer walks out.)
GEORGE: "Hey"
ELAINE: "Hey! Hey! listen ... Do one of you guys know that ..that blond guy who's always on the exercycle at the health club. You know he's just really handsome?.."
GEORGE: (head down low) I...I wouldn't know"
ELAINE: "You know that just admitting a man is handsome doesn't necessarily make you a homosexual."
GEORGE: "It doesn't help"
ELAINE: "All right, I'm gone"
GEORGE: "I'll see you."
GEORGE: (to Jerry) "You know those shoes that Jimmy had? I cut a deal with him. We're gonna import a case of them together."
JERRY: "What are you doing that for, you got a job"
GEORGE: "There's a lot of money in this.. He's got a proven sales method"
JERRY: " Yeah! What's that."
GEORGE: "He jumps!"
JERRY: "Jimmy's got a record. Jimmy's jumping for dollars. Jimmt and George are gonna get rich."
GEORGE: "Will you stop with the Jimmies"
Kramer takes something out of the fridge
KRAMER: "Hey! What's this?"
JERRY: "Kom Pau(sp?"
(Kramer tastes the chicken but realizes too late how hot and spicy it is)
KRAMER: "(gasp_)......Kom Pau........"
[Elaine at the health club trying to attract the handsome blond guy's attention.]
ELAINE: (We hear what she thinks) Look at me....Look at Mee!. Come on. I'm stretching right in front of you. Heeeey!! ...a smile. Aah! we made contact, all right one more stretch and then go talk to him.
(Hank leaves as she's ready to make her move. Elaine turns to try to find out where he could be and stops when she takes notice of Jimmy.)
JIMMY: "You know...Jimmy is pretty sweet on you."
ELAINE: "Aaaaaahhh! He is?!"
JIMMY: "Oh yeah!. Jimmy's been watching you....you're just Jimmy's type."
ELAINE: "AAaaaaahhh! Really?"(giggles)
JIMMY: "Jimmy's new in town. Jimmy hem ..doesn't really know anyone."
ELAINE: "Oh! well I'd like, like to get to know him."
JIMMY: "Jimmy would like to get to know you."
ELAINE: "Ha...."
[Scene cuts to Tim Whatley's office. Kramer is in the chair.]
WHATLEY: "Hey! Kramer"
KRAMER: "Boy , you're looking sharp there Tim."
WHATLEY: "Yeah Well....I do what I can. How've you been."
KRAMER: "Euh.. Fine , good , yeah! Just been occupying myself with some of your....hem reading material."
WHATLEY: "So what'ill it be? Novocaine?"
KRAMER: "Oh yes, yes indeed."
WHATLEY: "Why don't we just clear a path first."
KRAMER: "yeah, yeah, lets do that."
WHATLEY: "You remember Mr. Thirsty."
KRAMER: "All right euhhm....."
(Whatley puts the suction device in Kramer's mouth and loud suctions sounds are heard.)
[Scene then cuts back to the health club where Kramer is trying the vertical lift shoes.]
JERRY: "Ahh! You too with these?"
KRAMER: (still under the effects of the Novocaine slurrs his words heavily) "Yeah H'amon board."
JERRY: "So what did Tim say?"
KRAMER: "Wellhum....He th'aid I gotta cut out the SsssfKittles."
JERRY: "Looks like he gave you some Novocaine"
KRAMER: "Ohhh H'am loaded."
JERRY: "So what about the Penthouse. Did you ask him?"
KRAMER: "Well he said that humm.. you know.that it helps his pathients relax a little bit..and he's got a new polithy: Adults only."
JERRY: "Adults only?"
KRAMER: "Yeah!!!"
JERRY: "What the hell's going on over there?"
KRAMER: "Well you know its.. great. You know, no kids ..allowed. you don't have to watch your language."
JERRY: "You find you need to use a lot of obscenities at the dentist.
KRAMER: "He..he... When they pull that needle out I let the expletives fly."
(Kramer reaches for a glass of water and drinks but manages to have it spill out on to the floor)
JERRY: "Hey! Hey! Watch it.!... You're drooling all over the floor. How much Novocaine did that guy give you."
KRAMER: "Well.. Aye can't hold the water."
(Jimmy comes in dribbling.)
JIMMY: "Oh yeah!! ... Jimmy's ready."
KRAMER: "Hey Jimmy"
GEORGE: "Ha..harrr."
JIMMY: "Jimmy's got some new moves."
KRAMER: "Go Jimmy"
JIMMY: 'Check Jimmy out"
(Jimmy slips on Kramer's puddle and falls on his back)
JIMMY: "Ooohhh!!!!! JIMMY'S DOWN."
(paramedics and Jimmy on a stretcher.)
PARAMEDIC: (missing a few words) ......was gonna be in traction."
JIMMY: "Jimmy might have a compound fracture.. Jimmy's going into shock!!"
GEORGE: (angrily)"WHY WEREN'T YOU MORE CAREFUL WITH YOUR DROOL!"
KRAMER: "HEY I'M DOING THE BEST I CAN!!!"
JERRY: "Why are you taking this so personally?"
GEORGE: "BECAUSE IF HE CAN'T JUMP. THERE GOES MY SNEAKER BUSINESS!!"
KRAMER: (cries out) WELL I SAID I'M SORRY."
JIMMY: (as he gets taken out) "JIM....JIMMY WONT FORGET YOU KRAMER... JIMMY HOLDS GRUDGES. LET JIMMY GO......"
KRAMER: "BUT I CAN'T FEEL ANYTHING."
[Kramer is seen running down the street with his vertical lift shoes. He's trying to hail a cab.]
KRAMER: "HEY TAXI!!!.....TAXI!!"
(An elderly gentleman is after the same taxi.)
KRAMER: "Go ahead, go ahead you got it......(to the driver) He's got it."
(The man is looking him up and down, noticing the shoes and the slurred speech.)
DEENSFREI: (slowly) Oh! Please, go ahead take it
KRAMER: "No,No...You were here first."
DEENSFREI: No. No I..I insist. I'll grab the next one."
KRAMER: "Lets share.. we share....Awight"
DEENSFREI: "Yes ! Splendid. That's a great idea."
(Kramer bumps his head as he gets into the cab)
DEENSFREI: "My name is Arnold DEENSFREI:. What is your name?"
KRAMER: "Eh!! Cosmo Kramer. Nice to meet you"
DEENSFREI: "Very nice to meet you Cosmo. Are you heading home?
KRAMER: (like rainman)"Yeah! heading home."
DEENSFREI: "Good for you.....You are really independant."
KRAMER: "Yeaheum ... You're not doing too bad yourself"
[In a sporting goods store, George tries to make a sale. He is putting on the shoes.]
GEORGE: "Argh!!..Anyway...Jimmy couldn't be here today so he asked me to fill in for him, and I'm sure that you'll be impressed at what can be accomplished after only a few short days of training.....yeah!"
(George tries three times to jump but barely lifts a couple of inches off the ground. The store personnel gets uninterested quickly and leave.)
[Scene cuts to Jerry's apartment.]
KRAMER: (whose voice has returned to normal)" THE VELVET FOG!!!!"
JERRY: "What about the Velvet Fog ?"
ELAINE: (as she comes in) "What about the Velvet Fog?"
KRAMER: "Well...He's singing at a benefit and I'm gonna be sitting at his table."
ELAINE: "I'm going to that!"
KRAMER: "I'm a guest of honor."
ELAINE: "What are you talking about?"
KRAMER: "Well this afternoon I shared a cab with this...a hum..DEENSFREI:."
ELAINE: "Yeah, yeah! Arnold DEENSFREI:, he runs the AMCA "
KRAMER: "Yeah! well ..that's the guy .He's organizing the dinner."
ELAINE: "I know that but why are you going?"
KRAMER: "Well, because we hit it off and he was very impressed with what I do."
ELAINE: "What you do!!. You don't do anything."
KRAMER: "Well apparently I do something 'cause I'm sitting at the head table with Mr. Mel Tormé
(Kramer sits on the couch and puts his feet up on the coffee table.)
ELAINE: (pointing at the shoes) "What are those?"
KRAMER: "Ehmm ..These are my vertical leap training shoes."
JERRY: "Wait a second ..Where you wearing those shoes in the cab?"
KRAMER: "Yeah! yeah! right after I left the Y."
JERRY: "Don't you see what's happened, he couldn't talk , he's wearing these shoes, he's drooling."
KRAMER: "What!!!"
ELAINE: "He thinks you're mentally challenged."
JERRY: "Well...........you know....."
ELAINE: "Well ,what happens when you show up . He'll see that you're not.?"
JERRY: "Not necessarily because....."
[Scene cuts back to Tim Whatley's dental office. Jerry is sitting in the chair.]
WHATLEY: "Sheryl, would you ready the Nitro(???) please?"
(Whatley inhales the gas mask before handing it over to Jerry.)
JERRY: "Oh! where's Jennifer today?"
WHATLEY: "OH!! She's over at Dr.Cessman's office. We find it fun to swap now and then."
[Cuts to Yankee Stadium. George is sitting at his desk eating Kam Pau chicken.]
GEORGE: "Whhhoooo!!!!"(taps on his desk loudly)
(Phone rings.)
GEORGE: "Arrrrrrgh!! .. It's George.. Oh! Sports wholesaler. yeah. yeah. .. thanks for calling back. No , no , no still got the shoes, still got the shoes. Lots of them. This is.. beautiful athletic gear."
(Wilhelm enters the office as George is talking on the phone. He seems suspicious.)
GEORGE: ".....Well. I'm sorry. Call you right back."
WILHELM: "So George. Have you heard anything about the missing equipment?"
GEORGE: "No!...not...nothing."
WILHELM: "George, there's nothing I hate more than a liar."
GEORGE: "Well...there's no room for someone like that in this organization."
WILHELM: "Are you feeling all right George?"
GEORGE: "Hemmm!.. Fine!"
WILHELM: "You look a little warm."
GEORGE: "...It's the chicken"
WILHELM: "You're a terrible liar George. Look at you, you're a wreck!. you're sweating bullets."
GEORGE: "It's the Kom Pau ... George likes his chicken spicy."
[Back in Tim Whatleys office..Jerry wakes up , his vision blurred. He sees Whatley and Sheryl getting dressed.]
[Scene cuts to Monks. Jerry and Elaine are talking.]
ELAINE: "....Maybe you were still under the gas.Maybe you were hallucinating you're coming out of the gas but you were still under the gas."
JERRY: "I don't think so. I think they were getting dressed and not only that; my shirt was out!!!"
ELAINE: "your shirt was out?"
JERRY: "I think so."
ELAINE: "Well, what kind of shirt was it.?"
JERRY: "You know! Like a tennis shirt."
ELAINE: "Oh! Well ... You don't tuck those in?"
JERRY: "Sometimes I tuck'em sometimes I don't"
ELAINE: "Well. Were you tucked?"
JERRY: "I think I was tucked.!"
ELAINE: "All right then say you were. I mean .. what do you think could have happened.?"
JERRY: "I don't know but I was spitting out and rinsing like there was no tomorrow."
ELAINE: "Ughhhh"
JERRY: "Is this guy a dentist or Caligula?"
ELAINE: "What are you gettin'?"
JERRY: "I don't think I'm hungry:"
ELAINE: "Okay...So you were violated by two people while you were under the gas. So What? You're single."
JERRY: " But I'm damaged goods now."
ELAINE: "Join the club."
JERRY: "Hey, by the way, did you ever call that guy from the health club.?"
ELAINE: "Oh yeah! Jimmy."
JERRY: "Jimmy?
ELAINE: "Ahum!"
JERRY: "That's the guy?"
ELAINE: "Yeah!"
JERRY: "Can't believe your going out with him..."
ELAINE: "Why?"
JERRY: "I dunno. He's so strange.'
ELAINE: "How so?"
JERRY: "Did you notice he always refer to himself in the third person. Jimmy can dunk. Jimmy's new in town. Jimmy we'll see you later."
ELAINE: "No No... That's not him. That's the guy who gave me... Jimmy's number."
JERRY: "That's Jimmy. That's the way he talks."
ELAINE: "I'm going to go see Mel Tormé with him?"
JERRY: "Jimmy's gonna put the moves on Elaine.."
(George comes in and sits down with them)
GEORGE: "I have to go see Steinbrenner later. Mr Wilhelm told him that I was the one responsable for stealing all the merchandise."
JERRY: "Why?"
GEORGE: "'Cause when he questioned me about it I was sweating from the Kom Pau.."
JERRY: "I don't know how you can eat that spicy chicken,"
GEORGE: "George likes spicy chicken."
JERRY: "What's that?"
GEORGE: "....I like spicy chicken"
JERRY: "No no you said George likes spicy chicken."
GEORGE: "No I didn't"
ELAINE: "Yes you did you said George likes spicy chicken..
JERRY: "You're turning in to Jimmy."
GEORGE: "George is getting upset.."
[Back at the health club Elaine meets Jimmy who is wearing crutches.]
JIMMY: "So what do you want to see Jimmy about?"
ELAINE: "Well.... (pointing at him) Jimmy!"
JIMMY: "Huh uh..."
ELAINE: "About tonight hum.. there's been a little misunderstanding."
JIMMY: "Ah! ... Jimmy doesn't like misunderstanding."
ELAINE: "Yeah. What happened was...."
JIMMY: "Jimmy and misunderstanding kinda clash."
ELAINE: (suddenly intrigued) "You know, I've never heard anyone talk the way you do. It's very unusual."
JIMMY: "Well, Jimmy's very unusual."
ELAINE: "Well anyway hum.... see when I made the date, I thought that Jimmy......"
JIMMY: "Hey look. Hank's got a new boyfriend. Jimmy's not threatened by Hanks sexuality ... Jimmy's happy for Hank."
ELAINE: "Elaine once tried to convert one but Elaine's not going through that again."
[Scene cuts to The Marriot for the benefit.]
KRAMER: "I'm going to try and find some candy. You want some?"
ELAINE: "Yeah!"
KRAMER: "What kind?"
ELAINE: "I don't care:"
(Jimmy walks in)
ELAINE: "Hey Jimmy!!"
JIMMY: "I Elaine."
ELAINE: "Elaine got a new dress."
JIMMY: "Jimmy likes it."
KRAMER: "There's no candy around here. hey! Jimmy."
JIMMY: "Well look who's here."
KRAMER: "Whooo!"
JIMMY: "That's the guy who sidelined Jimmy."
KRAMER: "What!"
JIMMY: "That's the guy who took the bread out of Jimmy's mouth. Jimmy's out of work because of you..
(Jimmy punches Kramer in the mouth.)
JIMMY: "Jimmy wants a piece of Kramer..(fighting ensues and Jimmy gets taken out by hotel security)
JIMMY: "JIMMY'S GONNA GET YOU KRAMER!!. HANDS OFF JIMMY!!. DON'T TOUCH
JIMMY!! LET GO OF JIMMY!!!"
KRAMER: (Keamer's voice starts slurring again) "Yeah! My lips swollen?"
(Kramer sitting at the head table.)
KRAMER: "No No I've been living alone a long time now."
MEL: "Well I think that's the tops."
[We cut back to Yankee stadium in George Steinbrenners office.]
GEORGE: (knocks) You hem... wanted to see me Mr. Steinbrenner?"
STEIN: "Yes George, come in ,come in. You know George I've been your biggest supporter around here and thats why I was so disappointed to hear that you been pilfering the equipment."
GEORGE: "George would never do anything like that."
STEIN: 'No why would I. I own it."
GEORGE: "Right!"
STEIN: "So what are you saying?"
GEORGE: "Why would George steal from the Yankees?"
STEIN: 'He wouldn't."
GEORGE: " 'course not"
STEIN: "Exactly..................(mumbles) I don't what the hell's going on here."
GEORGE: "Sir?"
STEIN: "Nothing."
GEORGE: (energetically) "Well seems it's about time for George's lunch."
STEIN: "Yes it is. Well lets see what I have today. Darn it It's ham & Cheese again and she forgot the fancy mustard. I told her I like that fancy mustard. You could put that fancy mustard on a shoe and it would taste pretty good to me. oh! she made it up with a cupcake though. Hey look at this. you know I got a new system for eating these things. `I used to peel off the chocolate now I turn them upside down , I eat the cake first and save the frosting for the end. (George stops listening and It's almost like its own dessert.............
[Scene fades and we go back to the AMCA benefit.]
MEL: "Ladies and gentlemen....I want to dedicate this song to a very courageous young man. (starts singing) "When you're smiling, When you're smiling... The whole world smiles with you... When you're laughin', When you're laughin' The sun comes shining through But when you're crying, You bring on the rain So stop that sign. Be happy again Keep on smiling , 'cause when you're smiling The whole world smiles with yooooouuuuuuu The whole world smiles with (with Kramer)yooooouuuuuuu..
[On the street Jerry and Kramer.]
KRAMER: "Hey! Got the new Penthouse"
JERRY: "Where's my Mr. Goodbar?"
KRAMER: " Ah! here here Listen...Dear Penthouse, I want to tell you about an experience I recently had. As an avid reader I've always wondered if the letters (with Jerry) are I'm a dentist and one afternoon my hygienist and I decided to have a little fun with one of our patients. Of course none of our patients had any idea exactly of what we were up to. I was still wondering what if ......... (Jerry stops and seems bewildered)
[Opening Monologue]
They call themselves exterminators but they can't really do it. The best they can do is get the bugs to somebody else's house. They just relocate them , y'know what I mean, they're bug realtors is what they are. Ahmmmm.. I'll think you'll be happy here , there's a lotta crumbs not much light, ahmmm they usually sleep through the night, so you'll really have a (?) of the place. Nobody really cares about killing insects, even the animal rights people don't care. You could probably walk into an animal rights organization meeting and hear a speech like; The only way to stop the cruelty of the scientific testing on animals is (slaps his face)...Ha! Got him , is to boycott these companies.
[Restaurant]
GEORGE: Jerry it's funny, Paula and I actually met because of Elaine.
PAULA: Elaine is in my drawing class at the new school
GEORGE: ..And I went down there one time to see...
JERRY: (cuts in) A nude model.
GEORGE: If Elaine wanted to get some coffee.
JERRY: You know I went out once with a nude model. Never let me see her naked. Hundreds of people see her naked every week, except me. Needless to say it was quite vexing.
GEORGE: Are you through?
JERRY: Yeah!
GEORGE: So Anyway, I started to compliment Elaine on her sketches and it turns out,they're Paula's.
PAULA: George, I just like to doodle
(Jerry picks up a pecan that his girlfriend had just masticated.)
GEORGE: Oh! Dropped a napkin...(Whispers) Jerry!
JERRY: What?
GEORGE: What are you doing?...She had those nuts in her mouth, she just spit them out.
JERRY: (spits the nut) OooH!!! You. you ate these? You sucked on these and put them on the plate?
SHELLY: Well I didn't know you were gonna eat them?
JERRY: Soo...
SHELLY: I'm sorry you find me so repulsive?
JERRY: No ,no I don't, I mean, Don't be silly..
SHELLY: Yeah!
JERRY: It's just...
SHELLY: Well, hem ,if you'll excuse me I think I'll just go to the ladies room.
PAULA: I'll join you.
JERRY: Oh! man did you see that. I ate discarded food.
GEORGE: Well I've done that.
JERRY: Yeah, but with you it's intentional.
GEORGE: Haven't you kissed her?
JERRY: Yeah, but this is different , this is like ,you know, semi digested food stuff. You know the next stop is the stomach and you can take it from there.
(George stops a passing busboy)
GEORGE: Excuse me just for a second. ( fixes his hair looking at his reflection in a coffee pot.)
JERRY: AH. Yes that's gonna make a big difference.
GEORGE: This is dating , you can't leave anything to chance.
JERRY: Hey ,You think that Shelly's upset that I made such a big deal about the pecan.
GEORGE: Hehummm , Yeah!
JERRY: Thanks.
GEORGE: No problem.
(The girls return from the ladies room.)
SHELLY: Well Jerry , I guess we should get going .
JERRY: Ah! boy.
GEORGE: Well, it was very nice meeting you Shelly and Jerry be careful, there's a lot of nuts out there. (to Paula) All right you have everything?
PAULA: Can you grab my purse.
GEORGE: Yeah.( reaches for the purse and finds a piece of paper . he looks annoyed.
[Monks, next day. George showing Jerry the piece of paper he picked up]
JERRY: Yeah! So
GEORGE: Don't you see what this is?
JERRY: Yeah! It's a doodle.
GEORGE: Yeah!, a doodle of me...look at the size of the nose , the ears, all my features are distorted.
JERRY: Oh!.It's an affectionate caricature.
GEORGE: I'm grotesque . I look like a troll.
JERRY: It's just a drawing.
GEORGE: Don't you see what this says? How can you possibly like somebody ,if you think they look like this?
(Elaine walks in)
GEORGE: (gets up to leave the table) HELLO!!! (angrily)
ELAINE: What is with him?
JERRY: the usual
ELAINE: So, you know what? My friend Judy recommended me for a job at Viking Press.
JERRY: Good for you
ELAINE: Yeah! But get this. Viking has a deal with the Plaza Hotel, they got a two bedroom suite, there, for out-of-town clients...So guess what I did?
JERRY: Oh! Come on, you told them you're from out-of-town just so you could stay in a hotel room.
ELAINE: I know, I know Jerry.. but it's The Plazaaa... I've never stayed there .It'll be like a little vacation
JERRY: Well be sure to catch a Broadway show while you're in town.
ELAINE: ( laughs)Listen, I've used your parents address in Florida.
JERRY: Oh! There coming to town tomorrow by the way.
ELAINE: Hey. What's this.?.
JERRY: Don't ask.
ELAINE: What is it ..A drawing of Mr. Magoo
JERRY: No ,it's George ( Elaine laughs heartily)
(George comes back)
ELAINE: It is..
GEORGE: You enjoying yourself? (More laughs from Elaine)
ELAINE: Sorry.
GEORGE: You see. You see! Listen when is your next drawing class?
ELAINE: Tomorrow .
GEORGE: All right, I want you to do me a favor.
ELAINE: What?
GEORGE: I want you to find out is she likes me.
ELAINE: Find out if likes you?. What, are you in High School?...George come on can't you just talk to her yourself?
GEORGE: But she's gonna know that I like her more than she likes me.
JERRY: You know my parents are coming in and I got some clean up to do , so if you and Potsie are done scheming....
[Jerry's apartment]
KRAMER: Well, they're in...
JERRY: What's in?
KRAMER: The MACANAW PEACHES ,Jerry , the MACANAW PEACHES!!!!
JERRY: Aah! .. right. The ones from Oregon that are only ripe for two weeks a year..
KRAMER: Yeah Yeah I split a case with Newman..I waited all year for this.. Oooh this is fantastic.. Makes your taste buds come alive....It's like having a circus in your mouth.....Take a taste
JERRY: Nah, I don't wanna
KRAMER: Come on ,Just take a taste
JERRY: I don't want it..
KRAMER: Come on JUST TASTE!!!
JERRY: I DON'T WANT IT ....
KRAMER: HE..YA. AYA. AYYYYYAAAAA!!!!
JERRY: I am not gonna taste your peach. I ate some one's pecan last night, I'm not gonna eat your peach.
KRAMER: Jerry , this is a miracle of nature that exists for a brief period. It's like the Aurora Borealis.
(Jerry scratches his ankle furiously)
JERRY: ..What is this?
KRAMER: What?
JERRY: Yeah! I think I got flea bites.
KRAMER: Flea bites?
JERRY: Look at this, my ankle's all bitten up.
KRAMER: You got a dog?
JERRY: No.
KRAMER: Well, that is strange.
JERRY: How could I have fleas?
KRAMER: Don't sweat it buddy...I used to have fleas.
JERRY: What did you do about them?
KRAMER: What do you mean?...
[Jerry's parents come through the door.]
MORTY: Hey guys . Jerry . Kramer
HELEN: Hi Jerry......What's wrong?
JERRY: Nothing...
HELEN: Jerry, I'm your mother, now what is it?
JERRY: Mom, Dad.....I have fleas..
[Elaine's drawing class]
ELAINE: Hey Paula!.. I hear you been going out with George Costanza?
PAULA: How did you know??
ELAINE: Everybody knows. y'know George told me he thinks you're totally cute and everything.
PAULA: He said that?
ELAINE: Ha hum...Do you like George?
PAULA: Yeaaah! he's cool.
ELAINE: No I mean...Do you like him or do you like him like him?
PAULA: Like like.. looks aren't important to me ,you know?
TEACHER: Miss Benes , Are you chewing gum?
ELAINE: (nods) HumHummmm....
(Elaine spits the gum in the waste basket then as the teacher turns around she makes a throwing up motion at Paula.)
[Later at Jerry's]
KARL: Yep!...In your bedroom too Mr. Seinfeld. You've got a full outbreak of fleas on your hands.
JERRY: I don't get this. How did this happen. I don't have a dog.
KARL: I don't explain 'em Mr. Seinfeld. I just exterminate them.
JERRY: I don't understand this..
KARL: I 'm gonna have to seal the place up for 48 hours and fog it. That's the only way to get rid of them.
JERRY: Nobody can be in here for 48 hours, I got my parents in town.
KARL: Well , unless you want to kill them. They can't stay in here. This stuff is pretty toxic. I'll go get my stuff, it's in the truck.
JERRY: Okay..
(Elaine comes in)
ELAINE: Hi....???
JERY: Bug guy.
ELAINE: Why do you have a bug guy?
JERRY: I have fleas.
ELAINE: Argh.. Fleas ( strikes the purse she just deposited on the couch) How did you get fleas?
JERRY: I don't know...But every one's got to clear out of the apartment for two days. I don't know what I'm gonna do with my parents. they'll never let me pay for a hotel and if they go to someplace on their own I'm sure it's gonna be some awful dump. Wait a second.. Have you checked in The Plaza yet?
ELAINE: No....Oh No....
JERRY: Come on,c'mon
ELAINE: No, No...
JERRY: c'mon ,c'mon....
ELAINE: No, No...
JERRY: c'mon, c'mon....
ELAINE: No, No....Yesss!!!!!!
JERRY: Yes!!!
(Door buzzer)
JERRY: Yes!!!
GEORGE: yeah!
ELAINE: Well what about you. Where you gonna stay?
JERRY: I dunno , I'm gonna ask Shelley ,but she still might be upset from the masticated pecan incident.
ELAINE: Hey!! I found out from Paula; She likes George. I'll bet he'll be relieved.
JERRY: Yeah.. When he's dead he'll be relieved... Oh by the way Viking Press sent a Fedex for you to my parents. They brought it with 'em.
ELAINE: Yeah that's just some stuff about the company.
GEORGE: Hum..( to Elaine) Hey! did you talk to Paula?
ELAINE: Yeah.
GEORGE: So what did she say?
ELAINE: She...likes you..
GEORGE: She said she liked me. No kiddin' she said that?
ELAINE: Ya!
GEORGE: Those were her exact words, I like George.
ELAINE: Yep!
GEORGE: Ha Haaaaaaa... Jerry how do you like that.You see I get myself in a dizzy, I'm all worked up and for what?
ELAINE: For nothing..
GEORGE: ha Ha..
ELAINE: In fact she said that looks aren't even that important to her...
GEORGE: You see.....WHAT!!
ELAINE: Ah Oh!!
GEORGE: She said looks aren't important to her?
ELAINE: Well..hum...let me rephrase that, She said....
GEORGE: She thinks I'm ugly. I knew it.
JERRY: You see the thing of it is, there's a lot of ugly people out there walking around, but they don't know they're ugly, because nobody actually tells them.
GEORGE: .....So what's your point?
JERRY: I dunno...
ELAINE: Okay.. The point , George, is she likes you.
GEORGE: Oh!, so what. I'd rather she hate me and thought I was good looking....At least I can get somebody else. (scratching his chest) What is this? Why am I itching?
JERRY: That'd be the fleas.
[At the Plaza Hotel]
JERRY: Hey!!!
MORTY: Hey! I do you like this? Huh, huh!
HELEN: Oh! my god, Morty lets go, this is too nice.
MORTY: Hey! This is the kind of room Sinatra stays in. Hey! look , Macadamian nuts.
HELEN: Macadamian nuts?
MORTY: Hey! You know what these cost, they're like 80 cents a nut.
HELEN: Jerry, are you sure this all right?
JERRY: Yeah! it's all taken care of.
MORTY: ( from the other room) Hey!!! They got a phone in the john here.
[Outside Elaine's building]
ELAINE: Judy .
JUDY: Hey!!!!.
ELAINE: Hi, Thank you so much for recommending me to Viking Press .
JUDY: It is my pleasure , just make sure you give that manuscript a good read.
ELAINE: Manuscript?
JUDY: Yeah. I'm sure they Fedexed you a manuscript. They want to see that you can read an unpublished work and give insightful criticism.
ELAINE: Oooh!!
JUDY: Read it twice if you have to. This is a big step in your career.
ELAINE: Yeah! hmmm..I gotta go..
JUDY: Hey! What about lunch?
ELAINE: (she leaves hurriedly) I gotta gooo...
[Catches up with Jerry on the street.]
ELAINE: Thank god I found you..
JERRY: Oh! Hey!
ELAINE: You still got that Fedex?
JERRY: Yeah! I got it . It's in the apartment, but we can't go in there it's being fumigated.
ELAINE: No I'll take my chances. Come on...( Grabs him by the coat and head back to his place)
[Jerry's place . There is a sign on the door that says "Fumigation Do not enter"]
JERRY: You see?
ELAINE: Jerry , I need that Fedex right now..
JERRY: I told you to take it.
ELAINE: Well, I didn't know that it was a manuscript that I had to read...
JERRY: Well, You can't go in there it's like a gas chamber in there.
(Kramer comes out of the apartment.)
KRAMER: I left a Macanaw peach in your refrigerator.
JERRY: Kramer, they're fumigating. There's toxic gas in there.
KRAMER: Toxic gas!!!
JERRY: Aw! You'll be fine, you were in there for what , a couple of minutes.
KRAMER: An hour and a half!!! I was reading a manuscript, I just couldn't put it down.
ELAINE: My manuscript?
JERRY: How do you feel?
KRAMER: Now that you mention it , a little woozy.
ELAINE: Kramer You got go back in there grab my manuscript.
KRAMER: I'm not going back in there!!
ELAINE: all right then, where is it??
KRAMER: I left it on the coffee table or somethin'
JERRY: Well wh..wh.what are you doing?
ELAINE: I'm going in .
JERRY: Didn't you see the sign on the door?
KRAMER: Well I thought it was so your parents wouldn't walk in while you're with a girl.
(Elaine breathes heavily does the sign of the cross and enters. She goes to the coffee table then looks underneath the couch and finishes by his desk then the dinner table. She runs out of air so she has to rush out.)
ELAINE: ( Heavy Panting) It's not on any table, Kramer. Where is it?
KRAMER: Well I don't know . I was in the bathroom , the kitchen...
ELAINE: Okay... bathroom....kitchen.
JERRY: Can you get me a soda?
(Elaine goes back in)
KRAMER: Jerry, I had some milk, I made a sandwich. I got to get out of the building.
(Elaine searches the kitchen , then the couch cushions and gives up.)
ELAINE: (again pants) I couldn't find it anywhere. How did you get fleas anyway?
JERRY: I don't know. Who could've been in my apartment.
ELAINE: I 've looked everywhere , even under the couch but all I could find were the stupid Chunky wrappers. I couldn't....
JERRY: Wait a minute . Did you say chunky wrappers?
ELAINE: Yeah!
JERRY: Let me see those. ( smells them) Oh! I know the chunky that left these Chunkies......NEWMAN!!! I've got him.
[Newman's door . Jerry knocks]
JERRY: Newman . Open the door, Newman, I know you're in there.
NEWMAN: Hello jerry. What a pleasant surprise.
JERRY: There's nothing pleasant about it, so lets just cut the crap.. You gave me fleas. I know it and you know it..
NEWMAN: Fleas? Bwa ha ha ha ha .That's preposterous. How can I , give you fleas. Now if you don't mind...
JERRY: Oh! but I do. There's probably fleas crawling all over your little snack bar. ( as he says this Newman is wildly scratching behind his back. he suddenly stops when Jerry turns around)
NEWMAN: So , you have fleas. Maybe you keep your house in a state of disrepair. Maybe you live in squalor.
JERRY: You know Newman , the thing about fleas is that they irritate the skin and they start to...itch. Oh! maybe you can hold out five seconds or ten, maybe fifteen or twenty but after a while, no matter how much will power a person may have. It won't matter, because they're crawling , crawling on your skin. Up your legs , up your spine , up your back.....
NEWMAN: (Cannot take this torture anymore) Baaaaaaaaarrhhhhhhhhhhh....I'm ripped with fleas ( scratches furiously)
[Plaza Hotel, Morty is getting a massage.]
MORTY: Oh! Oh! That feels good. Hey! This guy charges a hundred bucks an hour but I'm telling ya he's worth every penny OOOOHH!
HELEN: I'm next.
MORTY: Hey! Leo, get this, four movies at once; Pay Per View.
LEO: I love these nuts.
NANA: This Champagne's gone flat. ( throws her glass over her shoulder)
HELEN: Nana!!!
NANA: He Ha Ha Ha...Let the chambermaid clean it up
[On the street in front of a flower shop]
GEORGE: Hello..
PAULA: What's the matter?...
GEORGE: Well I spoke to Elaine...
PAULA: Hey! Look , no shave.
GEORGE: No...Why should that make any difference to you?
PAULA: It doesn't..
GEORGE: Of course not. You don't care what I look like.
PAULA: That's right I don't.
GEORGE: I suppose I could just pull this out ( his tucked shirt)and walk around like this and you wouldn't care?
PAULA: Not a wit.
GEORGE: Hu humm? i suppose we could go to Lincoln Center and I'd be wearing sneakers and jeans and that would be fine too.
PAULA: You can wear sweatpants.
GEORGE: I could..
PAULA: (seductively) You could drape yourself in velvet, for all I care.
GEORGE: Velvet...
[Monks]
ELAINE: Did you read the whole thing?
KRAMER: Oh! yeah.
ELAINE: Huh . So What's it about?
KRAMER: Well it's a story about love, deception, greed, lust and...unbridled enthusiasm.
ELAINE: unbridled enthusiasm...?
KRAMER: Well , that's what led to Billy Mumphrey's downfall.
ELAINE: Oh! boy.
KRAMER: You see Elaine, Billy was a simple country boy. You might say a cockeyed optimist, who got himself mixed up in the high stakes game of world diplomacy and international intrigue.
ELAINE: Oh! my God.
KRAMER: ah! Here we go.
ELAINE: (to the waitress) can I have a scotch on the rocks.
KRAMER: May I..( pointing her food)
ELAINE: (feeling sick) Yeah! go ahead.
KRAMER: what is this?
ELAINE: What? What are you doin'? ( Kramer salting her food)
KRAMER: I can't taste this.
ELAINE: What are you talking about?
KRAMER: This food ,it has no taste......nothin' I'm gettin' nothin'...( realizes) It must be the toxic gas from the fumigation......( he leaves paranoid and confused)
[At Shelly's]
JERRY: Hey, thanks a lot for lettin' me stay here.
SHELLY: Well, I don't keep pecans in the house so I didn't think it'd be a problem.
JERRY: ( embarrassed laugh) ...Oh! Damn..
SHELLY: What's the matter?
JERRY: I forgot my toothbrush.
SHELLY: Oh! no problem.....You can use mine.
JERRY: Yours?....You know what I'll think I'll brush later.
SHELLY: Brush now.
JERRY: (long pause).......Sure. ( humms a song then stares at the toothbrush)
[Kramer and Newman who is coming out of the market eating a peach.]
KRAMER: Newman ,Let me have a bite of your Macanaw..
NEWMAN: What for, you got your own.
KRAMER: Come on ,c'mon i need to taste it. ( takes his peach).....Nothin' , Can't even taste a Macanaw.
NEWMAN: ( resumes eating) Well that's a shame.
KRAMER: Waited all year and I can't even taste it..
NEWMAN: You can't taste 'em . Why waste 'em . Why not give them all to me.
[At Viking Press.]
ELAINE: It's a story about love , deception ,greed , lust and.... unbridled enthusiasm .
MANDEL: Unbridled enthusiasm.
ELAINE: Yeah!..tha..that's right. that That's what led to...(throath clearing) Billy Mumphrey's downfall.
MANDEL: hmmm...interesting take. So you believe, has he not been so enthusiastic he could have adverted disaster.
ELAINE: Yes...Ye..Yes..That's right...You see ,Billy Mumphrey was a simple country boy. Some might say a cockeyed optimist, who got caught up in the dirty game of world diplomacy and International intrigue.
MANDEL: So.. It was more a question of attitude than politics..
ELAINE: Yes, yes Mr. Mandel.
[Plaza Hotel]
MORTY: Hey! Under Siege is on again. Whose up for it?
LEO: No more nuts. Awrghh.....
[Monks. George walks in wearing velvet.]
JERRY: Oh! my god. What the hell is this? ..... Don't tell me.......Velvet!!!
GEORGE: It's the real deal.
JERRY: She's seen you in this thing.
GEORGE: That's right...We just had sex......You know Jerry I've been searching for someone a long time. Well the search is over.
JERRY: And now the search for the right psychiatrist begins.
GEORGE: He he...So huh! What's with the suitcase.
JERRY: Ahh! She threw me out.
GEORGE: Why?
JERRY: I wouldn't use her toothbrush.
GEORGE: So where are you staying?
JERRY: Well I guess I'm stuck with the Velvet Fog.
[At Viking again.]
MANDEL: Three hours of massage time , twelve in-room movies including several adult features, five shoe shines and four hundred dolars worth of snacks. Not to mention the damage to the room.
ELAINE: Mr Mandel, you don't understand ...my my friend had fleas. I ran into the gas, it could have killed me, and my, my other friend couldn't taste his peaches ,they only good for two weeks.
MANDEL: I think , you've read, one too many, Billy Mumphrey stories. Good day Miss Benes.
ELAINE: Okay...Good day..
[Monks again. George comes in eating a Macanaw peach.]
PAULA: Hi George.
GEORGE: ( mouth full) Hi, this is fantastic ( puts the pit in the a plate)D'you ever had a Macanaw peach?
PAULA: Oh! yeah I love those.
GEORGE: Too bad , it's all done.
(Paula takes the pit and puts it in her mouth. George stares in disbelief , then disgust.)
[Kramer is about to lick an envelope he is about to send.]
KRAMER: ya....Yes!....Yes! it's back I can taste again. ( to a passerby) Hey! What's the date today?
PASSERBY: The fifteenth.
KRAMER: Fifteenth , Yes last day for the Macanaws. I can still make it. Wait.. Newman...
NEWMAN: Sorry , last one . Would you want to suck the pit?
KRAMER: ( fake laugh ) Look Hubert. It's the mailman. You remember the mailman don't you.
(unleashes a dog; Dog proceeds to chase after Newman)
[Finally at The Plaza Hotel]
ELAINE: ( knocks) Hello is anybody here?..
LEO: They said they were sending an Asian woman.
ELAINE: Oh! my God.
[Opening Scene: Jerry and Elaine are outside, heading towards the apartment building]
JERRY: I hear you're going out with David Putty.
ELAINE: Yeah. What, is it a problem?
JERRY: Well, I think he could've asked me. Supposed to be a friend of mine.
ELAINE: Well, I guess he figured you just wouldn't care. It *has* been a few years.
JERRY: Elaine, you always care who an ex-girlfriend dates. You don't want it to be someone you know, and you don't want it to be someone better than you. Now, even though the latter is *obviously* impossible.
ELAINE: Oh, god.
JERRY: The former still applies. I don't know what it is, but I just can't see you with a mechanic.
ELAINE: Oh, yeah. Right, right. Well, all those mechanics do is work all day with their hands and their *big*, *muscular* arms on machines, and then they come home dripping with animal sexuality like Stanley Kowalski. What a huge turn-off that is.
JERRY: All right.
[At Monk's, George and Estelle are looking over their menus]
GEORGE: Look at that. They got lobster on the menu. Who would order a lobster here. I mean, do they bring a lobster in everyday hoping *todays* the day.
ESTELLE: So what if they have a lobster. Suddenly you're a shell-fish connoisseur.
GEORGE: You know, I think we really need to be in front of a television set. You take T.V. out of this relationship, it is *just* torture.
ESTELLE: So, I'm getting an eye job.
GEORGE: An eye job? Ma, you don't need an eye job.
ESTELLE: Georgie, I'm a divorcee.
GEORGE: No, you're not a divorcee. Youÿre just separated. You're---you're a separatee.
ESTELLE: Well, I'm out there, George.
GEORGE: No, you're not out there.
ESTELLE: I am, too!
GEORGE: You're not out there! You can't be, because *I* am out there. And if I see *you* out there, there's not enough voltage in this world to electroshock me back into coherence!
ESTELLE: Well, anyway, the operation is on Tuesday and I need you to drive me home because I'll be all drugged up.
GEORGE: Tuesday? I can't do it Tuesday. Steinbrenner needs me to run---
ESTELLE: This is the only time the doctor *has*.
(Kramer walks by their table on his way out)
GEORGE: Kramer, hey, hey! (Gets up out of his seat)
KRAMER: Hi, little buddy.
GEORGE: Come on over and sit down.
KRAMER: Hey, listen, I gotta go somewhere.
GEORGE: No, you're gonna sit down, you son of a gun...
KRAMER: All right, I'm sitting down. How are you? (Kisses Estelle on the cheek)
ESTELLE: So, Kramer. I'm getting an eye job.
KRAMER: Oh, yeah, good for you. Hey, you have to look your best. You're out there now.
GEORGE: She's not out there!
KRAMER: So, who is your doctor?
ESTELLE: Uh, Bakersoll.
KRAMER: (whistles). He's good. He's *very* good. He worked on this kid from Guatemala with no nose. Turned him into Ricardo Montalban.
GEORGE: Hey, Kramer, what are you doing Tuesday?
KRAMER: Tuesday? Uh...
GEORGE: Why doesn't *he* pick you up after the operation. He's got the car with the bench seats that you like.
ESTELLE: Oh, I don't care.
KRAMER: Yeah, I know, but I can't drive anybody anywhere until I go down to the motor vehicle bureau and get my new plates.
GEORGE: Well, giddy-up!
[At the motor vehicle bureau...]
KRAMER: Yeah, I'm here to pick up my new plates. My name is Kramer. Cosmo Kramer.
CLERK: Kramer.... (checks computer) All right...
KRAMER: All righty...
CLERK: Sign right here, please. (hands over clipboard)
KRAMER: (signs it) Okay. (The clerk hands him a manila envelope). Thanks. (opens up the envelope) Assman? Oh, no, these don't belong to me. I'm not the Assman. I think there's been a mistake.
CLERK: What's your name again?
KRAMER: Cosmo Kramer.
CLERK: (checks computer again) Cosmo Kramer. You *are* the Assman.
KRAMER: No! I'm not the Assman.
CLERK: Well, as far as the state of New York is concerned, you are.
(Failing to clear up the mistake, Kramer drives off with the new plates attached)
[Meanwhile, we join Elaine and David---in bed, I should add. David, who apparently looks satisfied, is still breathless. Elaine, on the other hand, is looking somewhat, preoccupied]
DAVID: How do you feel?
ELAINE: Fine.
DAVID: Something the matter?
ELAINE: No.
DAVID: Then what is it?
ELAINE: No, nothing.
[Later on, at Monk's, Jerry has just come in to meet Elaine. He joins her at the booth]
JERRY: Hi.
ELAINE: I was with David *Putty* last night.
JERRY: Yeah, so.
ELAINE: He did the move.
JERRY: What move?
ELAINE: You know...*the* move.
JERRY: Wait a second. *My* move?
(Elaine nods).
JERRY: David Putty used *my* move?
ELAINE: Yes, yes.
JERRY: Are you sure?
ELAINE: Jerry! There is no confusing *that* move with any other move.
JERRY: I can't believe it. He *stole* my move.
ELAINE: What else did you tell (reaches over to slap Jerry) him. (does it again) The two of you must have had *quite* a little chat!
JERRY: Oh, it wasn't like that! I didn't even mention you. You know, we were in the garage. You know how garages are. They're conducive to sex talk. It's a high-testosterone area.
ELAINE: Because of all the pistons and the lube jobs?
JERRY: Well, I'm going down to that garage and telling him to stop doing it.
ELAINE: Well, wait---wait a second.
JERRY: What?
ELAINE: Isn't that a little...rash?
JERRY: No! He stole my move!
ELAINE: Yeah, but...*I* like the move.
JERRY: Yeah, but it's like another comedian stealing my material.
ELAINE: Well, he doesn't even do it exactly the same. He--he--he uses a pinch at the end instead of the *swirl*!
JERRY: Oh, yeah. The pinch. *I've* done the pinch. That's not new. Besides which, I don't know how you could trust any of his moves now. His whole *repertoire* could be lifted.
ELAINE: You know, it's strange, because he's such an honest mechanic.
JERRY: I know, he's probably the only honest mechanic in New York.
[Later, Jerry and George are outside, where Jerry has just bought a candy bar at the newsstand]
JERRY: ...so he stole my move and he's using it on Elaine.
GEORGE: You told David Putty your move and you didn't tell *me*? I *need* a move. You know I have no moves, Jerry. (points to the candy bar) Gimme a bite.
JERRY: Can I just get it opened first?
GEORGE: I can't believe you're hoarding sex moves. I'm out there rubbing two sticks together. You walk around with a zippo.
JERRY: All right, all right. Here. (hands George a piece of the candy bar).
GEORGE: (takes a bite) Oh, that's good. That's very good.
JERRY: You feel better?
GEORGE: Yeah, much better. All right, so what's the move, because I need *something*. This woman I'm dating, it's like she's doing her nails during love-making.
JERRY: Nancy Klopper?
GEORGE: Yeah. Never seen anyone so bored. I'm working like a dog here. Give me a moan. *Something*. I'd settle for a belch, for god's sake. All right, come on, let's have it.
JERRY: All right, George. I'm gonna tell you. But I just wanna make sure, before---
GEORGE: Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's in the vault. I'm putting it in the vault.
JERRY: It's not even a question of that. The point is when something like this is passed along, one must be certain that it's going to be used in a *conscientious* way. This is not some parlor trick to be used---
GEORGE: You're gonna tell me...or not.
JERRY: All right. On your bed. You got a headboard? You'll need a headboard.
GEORGE: I got a headboard.
JERRY: Is it padded?
GEORGE: No.
JERRY: Good. How tall is she?
GEORGE: Five-foot four. Why?
JERRY: You can't have more than a one-foot differential in your heights. Otherwise, you could really hurt your neck.
GEORGE: I can't tell ya how much I appreciate this.
JERRY: George, if you could master this, you'll never be alone again.
[Back at Jerry's apartment: Jerry and George have just walked in, still conversing on the same subject]
JERRY: Now, the ending is kind of an option. I use the swirl. I like the swirl. I'm comfortable with the swirl. *I* feel the swirl is a great capper. He uses the pinch, which I find a little presumptuous.
GEORGE: Is it a clockwise swirl?
JERRY: I prefer clockwise, but it's not written in stone.
(Kramer enters, holding an object of some kind).
KRAMER: Here you go, buddy. (shows it to Jerry).
JERRY: What is it?
KRAMER: *Fusilli* Jerry! It's made from Fusilli pasta. See the microphone?
JERRY: When did you do this?
KRAMER: In my spare time. (turns to George). You know, I'm working on one of you, George. I'm using ravioli. See, the hard part is to find a pasta that captures the individual.
JERRY: Oh... Why Fusilli?
KRAMER: Because *you're* silly. Get it? (hands the Fusilli to Jerry) Yeah...
JERRY: Well, thank you very much.
GEORGE: So, did you get your new plates?
KRAMER: Oh...yeah. I got my new plates. But they mixed them up. Somebody got mine and I got their *vanity* plates.
GEORGE: What do they say?
KRAMER: Assman.
JERRY: Assman?
KRAMER: Yeah. Assman, Jerry. I'm Cosmo Kramer, the Assman!
JERRY: Who would order a license plate that says "Assman"?
GEORGE: Maybe they're Wilt Chamberlain's.
JERRY: It doesn't have to be someone who gets a lot of women. It could be just some guy with a big ass.
KRAMER: Yeah, or it could be a proctologist.
JERRY: Yeah. Proctologist.
GEORGE: Come on! No doctor would put that on his car.
KRAMER: Have you ever *met* a proctologist? Well, they usually have a very good sense of humor. You meet a proctologist at a party, don't walk away. *Plant* yourself there, because you will hear the funniest stories you've ever heard. See, no one wants to admit to them that they *stuck* something up there. Never! It's always an accident. Every proctologist story ends in the same way: "It was a million to one shot, Doc. Million to one."
(A phone rings in the distant)
KRAMER: Oh! There's my phone. (He leaves)
GEORGE: So, where you gonna stick this (points to the Fusilli Jerry)
JERRY: I'll tell you where I'd like to stick it.
[We cut to the garage where David Putty is working on a car. Jerry walks in]
JERRY: Hey, David.
DAVID: Oh, hi, Jerry.
JERRY: Hey, what's the story? I hear you're doing my move.
DAVID: What move?
JERRY: What move? *My* move. The one I told you about. You used it on Elaine.
DAVID: You're move? What, are you kidding? I was doing that before I knew you. All you told me about was the ending.
JERRY: The ending is the whole thing. Without the ending, it's nothing. You had *nothing*.
DAVID: Oh, that ending was *so* obvious. I would have figured it out anyway. I didn't need you to tell me that stupid twist.
JERRY: Swirl.
DAVID: Whatever. I don't even do it.
JERRY: Oh, yeah, I know. You do the *pinch*.
DAVID: Yeah, that's right.
JERRY: You can't come up with your own stuff , so you *steal* other peoples? You're nothing but a hack.
DAVID: Are you through, 'cuz, uh, I gotta get back to work.
JERRY: Well, I'll tell you what I'll do, you know. If you wanna do it out of town...okay. But not in the city.
DAVID: All right, how about the next time your car breaks down, you take *that* out of town.
JERRY: Fine.
DAVID: Good!
[While driving, Jerry hits a pothole and his car is now making a clanking noise]
[We join George and Nancy, who are....getting busy under the covers.]
NANCY: Ow, George! (crawls out from beneath the covers) What are you doing?
GEORGE: (pops his head out of the covers, looking a bit confused) Uh...you know, uh...pleasuring you.
NANCY: Well, stop it!
GEORGE: You don't like the move?
NANCY: No. I don't.
GEORGE: You're kidding.
NANCY: No, I'm not. It feels like aliens poking at my body.
GEORGE: Sorry. I'll just go back to my usual routine.
[Back to Elaine and David in the middle of, uh...you know...]
ELAINE: Oh, god! Oh, god, Dave! Oh, yes! Yes!
DAVID: No, I'm sorry.
ELAINE: What?!!
DAVID: I can't do the move.
ELAINE: What?
DAVID: Oh, he's ruined it for me.
ELAINE: Oh, oh, come on, please?
DAVID: No, he called me a hack. I'm just not into doing it anymore.
ELAINE: Oh, so---so that's it?
DAVID: I'll come up with some new stuff.
[Cut to Kramer heading towards his car. He picks up a note on his windshield and reads it...]
KRAMER: "Call me. Thirty-six, twenty-four, forty-six. I think I have what you're looking for." (Pleased by the note, Kramer stumbles into his car).
(Meanwhile, Estelle is at Dr. Bakersoll's office)
DR. BAKERSOLL: I must caution you about one thing. You can't cry for at least ten day. You can ruin the operation.
ESTELLE: Oh, okay.
DR. BAKERSOLL: Now, is someone coming to pick you up?
ESTELLE: Yes, my son's friend should be here any minute.
[In the parking lot just outside, Kramer has pulls into a "Doctors Only" space]
SECURITY GUARD: Can I help you?
KRAMER: Ah, yeah. Doctor Cosmo Kramer. (points to plate) Proctology.
SECURITY GUARD: Oh, oh, okay. Sure...
KRAMER: Thanks. Have a good day.
[Kramer is driving Estelle home]
KRAMER: I just can't get over how fantastic you look.
ESTELLE: Oh, really?
KRAMER: Oh, yeah. This takes twenty years off.
ESTELLE: And it was all done by laser. I don't even need bandages.
(As a car passes Kramer, someone yells out, "Yo, Assman! Look at the Assman!" Kramer waves).
ESTELLE: Did he say "Assman"?
KRAMER: Oh, yeah.
ESTELLE: Oh my goodness.
(Another car passes: "Hey, the Assman's in town!")
KRAMER: You got that straight!
ESTELLE: Boy. I never dreamed it could make such a difference.
(Kramer makes a sudden stop, and in a protective gesture, he sticks his arm out in front of Estelle.)
[Back to Jerry's apartment]
JERRY: You must have done *something* wrong. You probably screwed up the order. Did you close with the swirl?
GEORGE: Supposed to close with the swirl?
JERRY: Oh my god. Yes, you close with the swirl. There's a progression there. I told you to write it down.
GEORGE: Yeah, yeah, should've written it down.
(Bzzz. Jerry walks over to answer it)
JERRY: Yeah?
BUZZER: Elaine.
JERRY: C'mon up. (turns to George) You know what? Do me a favor. Don't even do the move anymore. You're gonna give it a bad name.
(The phone rings)
JERRY: Hello? Yeah, this is Jerry Seinfeld. What? Twenty-eight hundred dollars?!! That's the estimate on my car?!! No, don't even do anything. I'm gonna think about it. Okay, bye.
GEORGE: What's to think about? If Putty says it's what it is, it's what it is. He's not gonna cheat you.
JERRY: Except that it's not Putty.
GEORGE: What happened to Putty?
JERRY: Eh, we had a little fight about the move. I took her to this other place. I think they might be trying to screw me.
GEORGE: Well, of course they're trying to screw you. What do you think? That's what they do. They can make up anything. Nobody knows. "By the way, you need a new Johnson rod in there." "Oh, a Johnson rod. Yeah, well, you better put one of those on."
(Elaine comes in looking a bit peeved)
JERRY: Hey, Elaine.
ELAINE: Yeah, yeah, hello.
JERRY: Is it something I said?
ELAINE: Yes! As a matter of fact! David Putty won't do the move anymore.
JERRY: Really?
ELAINE: Oh, he's come up with some other move. You should see this thing.
JERRY: What is it?
ELAINE: Oh, it's a lot of just fancy-shmancy stuff. You know what it's like? It's like a big budget movie with a story that goes *nowhere*.
JERRY: Huh.
ELAINE: I mean, this move is no good, Jerry. It's just taking up a lot of my time. And I...will not stand by and allow him to perform this move on me, when a perfectly good move is just sitting in the barn doing nothing!
GEORGE: Let me ask you a question. This new move. Is there a knuckle involved in any way?
ELAINE: Yes. As a matter of fact, there is.
GEORGE: I think that's mine.
ELAINE: I'm not surprised.
JERRY: Listen. I need you to do me a favor. When's the next time you're gonna see him?
ELAINE: Why?
JERRY: You gotta get an estimate on my car from him. I think this garage is trying to screw me.
ELAINE: An estimate? How am I supposed to do that?
JERRY: Well, look. Here's the work order with everything that broke. Just kind of bring it up at the right time and find out. (hands Elaine the work order)
ELAINE: (takes the work order and points to the Fusilli Jerry sitting on the table) What? What is this?
JERRY: That's, uh, Fusilli Jerry.
ELAINE: Fusilli Jerry?
JERRY: Yeah. Kramer made it.
GEORGE: All right, listen, I'll see you guys later.
(As George is leaving, Kramer comes in with a female companion)
JERRY: Hey, Assman!
KRAMER: Hey, well, this is Sally.
SALLY: Hello.
JERRY: Hi.
ELAINE: Hi.
KRAMER: Shall we go?
SALLY: Okay. (turns around and walks out with an exaggerated swing of her hips)
(Elaine, Jerry, and George make a face)
[Back at the Costanzas' house...]
ESTELLE: You can't face the fact that I'm improving myself.
FRANK: You're not the only one improving yourself. I worked out with a dumbbell yesterday. I feel *vigorous*.
ESTELLE: Just take your mail and go home. I have things to do.
FRANK: I got things to do, too.
ESTELLE: Don't upset me! I can't cry!
FRANK: Getting an eye job like some Manhattanite, huh?
ESTELLE: Well, it's already working. Kramer made a pass at me.
FRANK: Kramer made a pass at you? You're crazy.
ESTELLE: I'm not crazy. He stopped short and made a grab.
FRANK: He stopped short? That's my move. I'm gonna kill him!
[Once again, we join Elaine and David...in bed as usual...doing what they do best]
ELAINE: Hey, let me ask you a question.
DAVID: Sure.
ELAINE: What do you charge for blown shocks?
DAVID: What?
ELAINE: Two, three hundred?
DAVID: I don't know. Maybe five hundred.
ELAINE: Ah.
(They go back to kissing)
ELAINE: What about a bad gasket?
DAVID: Bad gasket?
ELAINE: Yeah. Like a terrible gasket.
DAVID: What is all this?
ELAINE: Nothing, nothing. I'm just taking an interest in what you...do.
DAVID: What kind of car is it?
ELAINE: Oh...any kind of---of a Swedish car.
DAVID: All together, that could run about sixteen hundred.
ELAINE: Oh.
(Kiss again)
ELAINE: Is that with the parts and labor?
DAVID: Uh-huh.
ELAINE: Hmm.
(Kiss...again)
ELAINE: Oh, no. No, David. No, please. Not the knuckle....
[Back to George and Nancy in bed. George is looking quite pleased with himself. Nancy, on the other hand, looks...bewildered...pleasantly surprised...]
NANCY: Wow. That was...*great*. I mean...*wow*.
GEORGE: It just came to me.
NANCY: I---I've never in my life have---have I---. What was that?
GEORGE: You mean in the end?
NANCY: Uh-huh.
GEORGE: A counter-clockwise swirl.
(Spotting something on George's hand)
NANCY: What's that?
GEORGE: What?
NANCY: On---on your hand? Let me see what's on your hand.
GEORGE: Nothing. I don't know...just a little dirt.
NANCY: Give me that. (grabs his hand) I wanna see what's on your hand.
(They struggle for a bit, but Nancy finally gets a hold of his hand and tries to make out the scribble)
NANCY: Number one. Take her leg.... Oh, my god! Crib notes? You've got crib notes?!!
GEORGE: It's a very complicated move! I couldn't remember it all.
NANCY: Oh, my god, you're sick. (gets out of bed)
GEORGE: You know, it's not the S.A.T.s!
[Cut to Frank on the streets. He spots Kramer's car. He looks inside the back window and sees the "Bro"---or is it the "Manssierre"? He checks out the plates]
FRANK: Assman? I'll get him, Assman!
(Back to Jerry's apartment)
JERRY: Sixteen hundred dollars? That's all? *Ooh*, they are ripping me off.
ELAINE: So what are you going to do?
JERRY: Well, that's it. I'm going back to Putty. No move is worth this.
ELAINE: Oh! You mean you don't care if he does the move anymore?
JERRY: Are you kidding? He can do every move I've ever done! Do you know what a good mechanic is worth? You can't compare that to sex.
(There's a knock at the door and Jerry goes over to answer it)
JERRY: Hi, Mr. Constanza. What's uh...?
FRANK: Where's your friend Kramer?
JERRY: I don't know. Why?
FRANK: Because I'm looking for him. That's why. He stopped short.
JERRY: What do you mean?
FRANK: In a car, with my wife. He stopped short. You think I don't know what that's about? That's my old move! I used it on Estelle forty years ago! I told everybody about it! Everybody knows! (Demonstrates) Hmmph! I stopped short.
JERRY: Really, stopping short. That's a good move.
FRANK: You're not kidding it's a good move!
(Kramer walks in.)
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Hey.
KRAMER: Hey, Frank.
FRANK: Don't Frank me! I know what you did. How dare you stop short with my wife!
KRAMER: C'mon, Frank, relax. I don't even know what you're talking about.
(Frank backs Kramer into the table, knocking the Fusilli Jerry to the floor)
FRANK: You think I don't know, Assman?!! To think I almost split the profits on the Manssierre with you.
KRAMER: Bro.
FRANK: Manssierre!
KRAMER: Bro!
FRANK: Manssierre! You...!
(Frank grabs Kramer by the collar and in doing so, he slips and falls right on top of the Fusilli Jerry)
FRANK: Aah!!!
JERRY: Oh, my god!
(Everyone gasps in horror, including George, who was just walking in at that very moment)
[At the medical center, the gang is in the waiting room, waiting for the word on Frank's condition. Looks like they're still in shock
JERRY: If I wasn't there, I wouldn't have believed it.
ELAINE: Me either.
GEORGE: They say this guy's the best.
JERRY: He had to use cork-screw pasta.
(At that thought, Jerry, George, and Elaine shift uncomfortably in their seats. Meanwhile, Kramer is checking out the pictures on the wall. He spots something...)
KRAMER: Jerry. Jerry, come here. Take a look at this.
(Jerry joins him)
KRAMER: The name on the boat. Look at it.
JERRY: Assman!
KRAMER: Yeah (points towards the doctor's office), he's the Assman! Jerry, *he's* the Assman!
(The doctor walks in)
DOCTOR: Which one is the son?
GEORGE: (stands up) I am.
DOCTOR: Ah. I'm Doctor Cooperman. I just want you to know that this won't take long. And he's going to be fine.
(Kramer stops Dr. Cooperman at the door.)
KRAMER: Yeah, excuse me, uh... You didn't by any chance recently get the wrong license plates?
DR. COOPERMAN: Yes. I'm still waiting for the motor vehicle bureau to straighten it out.
KRAMER: So...you're the Assman.
(Dr. Cooperman winks and heads back to where Frank is waiting)
FRANK: It was a million to one shot, Doc. Million to one.
[Back at the Costanza's house, George and Frank are just walking in]
ESTELLE: Where have you been?!! You were supposed to fix the stove! I've been waiting for hours!
FRANK: I fell on some Fusilli.
ESTELLE: Fusilli?
FRANK: You know, the corkscrew pasta. It was a Fusilli Jerry. It got stuck in me. Had to go to the proctologist.
ESTELLE: The proctologist? Are you okay?
FRANK: Yeah.
ESTELLE: Oh, I was so worried. (grabs a couple of tissues from the box)
GEORGE: Ma, don't cry!
ESTELLE: Oh, I can't help it!
GEORGE: Ma, your eyes!
ESTELLE: Oh!
[Opening monologue]
What's this little scam the airlines have goin' now with these special clubs? Hundred fifty dollars a year to sit in a room, eat peanuts, drink coffee and soda, and read magazines. Excuse me, but isn't this the flight? I already got four hours of this comin' to me... What am I paying for? How bout' an 'I got all my luggage club'? Can I get into that club? Where is that club? I would like to join that club. Airlines love to divide us into classes. You know like when you're sitting in coach, the stewardess always closes that stupid curtain. Always gives you that look, like, maybe if you would work a little harder...
[Jerry's apartment, Jerry is talking on the phone]
JERRY: What time does your flight get in? Six? All right, that gives us six hours. Then I'll meet you at the diplomat's club. I'll be the one without the big red sash. Okay, see you tonight. (Hangs up)
ELAINE: Is that the supermodel?
JERRY: Yep, she's not gonna be back for a month, but I got six hours.
ELAINE: I thought you had a show in Ithaca.
JERRY: I do, but it's three o'clock and then I'm flying right back and meeting Bridget at the Diplomat's Club in the airport.
ELAINE: Well, guess what I'm doing. I'm going to Mr. Pitt's, and I am telling him that I am quitting.
JERRY: So that's it? You know I never even met the guy.
ELAINE: I've had enough. I am marchin' in.
JERRY: You're marchin' in.
ELAINE: I'm marchin'. (Enter George)
GEORGE: Hey.
JERRY: Hey. Elaine's quitting.
GEORGE: Really?
ELAINE: I'm marchin' in.
GEORGE: I've done the march in. Best feeling in the world.
JERRY: How 'bout the march out?
GEORGE: Not as good. That's when you realize all the money you're losing.
ELAINE: This is it. Wish me luck.
JERRY: Get a march goin'! March it! (She exits)
GEORGE: Jerry, I need to borrow your camera.
JERRY: Why?
GEORGE: Well, I wanna put a picture of me and my boss Mr. Morgan up at the office.
JERRY: What for?
GEORGE: They're reorganizing the staff, and I'm on thin ice with this guy as it is.
JERRY: Isn't putting this guy's picture on your desk a little transparent?
GEORGE: It better be.
[Mr. Pitt's office, Elaine enters and Mr. Pitt is sitting at his desk.]
ELAINE: Mr. Pitt, I have something to tell you.
PITT: One second Elaine.
ELAINE: Mr. Pitt...
PITT: Elaine, you know what I just did? I just amended my will to include you as a beneficiary.
ELAINE: What?
PITT: Well, I think of you as part of my family. You've come to be like a daughter to me and I want to make sure you're taken care of after I'm gone.
ELAINE: (Flattered) Mr. Pitt...
PITT: (Sneezes) Elaine, I feel a cold coming on. Could you get me a cold pill from the medicine cabinet?
ELAINE: Oh no no, Mr. Pitt, you mustn't. You have to check with the pharmacy before you combine anything with your heart medicine,
PITT: Yes, yes, I'll check with the pharmacist.
ELAINE: We don't want anything to happen to you Mr. Pitt. We want you to live a long, long time.
[At the Yankee's office]
GEORGE: (Holding camera) Look at this, I only have one picture left... How 'bout a shot of me and Mr. Morgan?
MORGAN: Why?
GEORGE: Why? Because we're a team! C'mon! Would you take this for us, dear? Thank you very much. Here we go... (To Morgan) Anyone ever tell you you look a lot like Sugar Ray Leonard? Yeah, you must get that all the time.
MORGAN: I suppose we all look alike to you, right Costanza?
GEORGE: No, not a racial thing, there really is a resemblance...
[Mr. Pitt's]
ELAINE: Oh my God.
WOMAN: Who are you?
PITT: This is the girl I want to put in my will. Elaine...
MAN: Please, rest Mr. Pitt.
WOMAN: You're the assistant? Why weren't you taking care of him?
ELAINE: Well, he gave me the morning off, I was doing a little... shopping. How did this happen?
MAN: Took a very dangerous combination: prescription heart medicine and these other pills.
ELAINE: Mr. Pitt, you were s'posed to talk with the pharmacist.
PITT: I spoke to someone who worked there.
ELAINE: I'm gonna go and call that pharmacist. (She exits)
WOMAN: How well do you know her?
[Jerry and Katie sitting in the plane]
KATE: Jerry, listen, just so you know, before we take off they're gonna tell us what to do in the vent of a crash-
JERRY: Yes, I know. I've flown before.
KATE: Oh good. I just didn't want you to freak out... The chance of a crash is very slim. Do you have to go to the bathroom?
JERRY: No.
KATE: (Pause) Because even if you have (Jerry gets up to go) to go a little you'd better go now because you won't get another chance until way after take off.
[Airport, Kramer and a man sitting]
KRAMER: Hey, how you doin'?
EARL: Pretty good.
KRAMER: Name's Kramer.
EARL: Earl Hafler, nice to meet you. I'm headed to Houston, where you headed?
KRAMER: Oh I'm happy right here. Isn't this place amazing? Planes flying in from all corners of the world, and they know the minute they're arriving.
EARL: Ah they don't know a darn thing. That's why my flight the Houston's been delayed. They're all morons. Matter of fact, I'll bet you that that flight to Pittsburgh takes off before my flight to Houston.
KRAMER: Bet? Um, not betting.
EARL: Friendly wager.
KRAMER: I haven't made a bet in three years, I-
EARL: Ah c'mon. Keep things interesting, pass the time.
KRAMER: Okay, how much?
EARL: How 'bout 200?
KRAMER: You're on, cowboy!
[On street, George and another man pick up newspaper]
GEORGE: How ya doin'?
MAN: Okay.
GEORGE: Nice day today.
MAN: What?
GEORGE: I'm George. George Costanza, you live around here?
(Man gets newspaper and leaves)
[At the airport...]
INTERCOM: Now arriving at gate 12...
EARL: This could be Mexico City.
KRAMER: C'mon Seattle, let's go.
EARL: Come on, Mexico City!
KRAMER: Seattle, yeah!
INTERCOM: ...flight 42 from Mexico City.
KRAMER: All right, c'mon, let's go again.
[At Mr. Pitt's...]
ELAINE: Mr. Pitt, do you need anything?
PITT: No.
ELAINE: You need something to sit up. Why don't I get you a pillow?
PITT: Okay.
(Elaine goes to get pillow, walks back to Pitt slowly. Ms. Walker enters looking scared. Elaine waves.)
[Backstage at Comedy Club in Ithaca]
KATE: It's a pretty full house, the lighting guy's name is Lew, he's got a birthday next week.
JERRY: I don't care.
KATE: By the way, Jerry, I don't want you to freak out, but the pilot is going to be in the audience.
JERRY: Who?
KATE: Remember the plane we took here? The pilot is gonna be sitting out there watching the show.
JERRY: I don't care, why are you telling me this?
KATE: I just didn't want you to freak out when you saw him.
JERRY: Why would I freak out? (To himself) Pilot...
Off stage: Ladies and gentlemen, a big hand for Mr. Jerry Seinfeld! (Clapping)
JERRY: Hey, all right. Good afternoon Ithaca. Welcome, good to see you here... Boy, I'll tell you, there's an awful lot of those orange cones you have on the throughway... (Sees pilot) on the way... up here... um... I..
[George walking down street. He sees a man and tries to help him with groceries. Man walks away.]
[Comedy club]
KATE: It didn't go very well, did it?
JERRY: No, it didn't. And you know why? Seeing the pilot in the audience really freaked me out.
KATE: I knew it.
JERRY: If you hadn't mentioned anything, I would have been fine. I became obsessed with him.
KATE: Why did we invite him? Stupid, stupid. when he asked for a ticket, I should have said no. I'm gonna go chew him out.
JERRY: Oh, it doesn't matter now.
KATE: Don't worry, Jerry. I'm on top of this.
JERRY: Yeah, you're on top of it, and I'm on the bottom!
[Airport... ]
EARL: Well, Mr. Kramer, looks like you're in the hole $3200... Will that be cash or check?
KRAMER: All right, look, one more bet. Double or nothing. C'mon.
EARL: All right, but I wanna see some cash on the table.
KRAMER: All right, let me call my bank. You stay here. (He calls)
NEWMAN: Hello?
KRAMER: Yeah, it's, uh, me.
NEWMAN: Hey, what's up?
KRAMER: All right, listen. I need some cash.
NEWMAN: What for?
KRAMER: I just need it, that's all.
NEWMAN: Oh no. Don't tell me. You're gambling again, aren't you? Oh you weak, weak man. Where are you?
KRAMER: I'm at the airport.
NEWMAN: The airport?
KRAMER: We've been betting on arrivals and departures. (Newman rolls eyes) But I'm down $3200 , so you've gotta get me some cash.
NEWMAN: I don't have that kinda dough.
KRAMER: Sure you do.
NEWMAN: Oh no, no, not the bag!
KRAMER: Oh help me man, I'm desperate!
NEWMAN: All right, all right.
[Airplane...]
INTERCOM: Sorry for the delay, folks, there is a slight complication that we're taking care of, and then we'll be on our way to La Guardia...
JERRY: (To Katie) What is the complication?
FLIGHT ATTENDANT: Mr. Seinfeld?
JERRY: Yes?
FLIGHT ATTENDANT: I'm sorry, but the pilot has asked that you leave this plane.
JERRY: What?
FLIGHT ATTENDANT: Apparently, he has some sort of problem with you.
KATE: I'm not surprised. I really let him have it, Jerry. He has no business being in your audience if you didn't want him there.
JERRY: I didn't care.
FLIGHT ATTENDANT: Well, now the pilot doesn't want you on his plane.
JERRY: He can't just throw me off the plane!
FLIGHT ATTENDANT: Yes he can, if he has cause to believe a passenger will be a disturbance.
JERRY: But I'm not a disturbance!
FLIGHT ATTENDANT: Well, apparently you are disturbing him, sir.
JERRY: But someone is waiting for me!
KATE: Jerry, I don't want you to freak out.
JERRY: I'm freakin' out! I am freakin' out!
[Airport in Ithaca]
KATE: There's a flight leaving at eight, and another one at eight-thirty, which one do you want?
JERRY: Which one do you think I want?
KATE: The eight will get you in a little earlier.
JERRY: Then we'll make it the eight.
KATE: I'll book a hotel, do you want a standard room or mini suite?]
JERRY: Hotel?
KATE: Yeah, it's eight in the morning.
JERRY: No, no, no. I have to get home tonight. Bridget's gonna be waiting for me at the Diplomat's Club. Rent a car.
KATE: Mid-size, luxury, or sports model, what's your preference?
JERRY: I don't have a preference, okay! Just make a decision yourself! Stop bothering me with every minor little detail, please?
KATE: Okay, you're a big celebrity. (She exits)
(Jerry calls George)
GEORGE: Yo.
JERRY: George.
GEORGE: Hey, Jerry, how was Ithaca?
JERRY: I'm still here. Listen, you gotta go down to the Diplomat's Club...
GEORGE: Hey, Jerry, what was the name of the exterminator who fumigated your apartment when you had fleas?
JERRY: Carl, I think.
GEORGE: Carl... Yeah, he was a nice guy.
JERRY: Yeah, he was nice.
GEORGE: What company was it?
JERRY: Defent.
GEORGE: Yeah, you know we spoke for a little bit...
JERRY: You need an exterminator?
GEORGE: No, not really.
JERRY: Oh, don't tell me. 'Cause he's black?
GEORGE: Gotta go.
JERRY: George, George!
[Mr. Pitt's, Jerry is on the phone with Ms. Walker]
JERRY: Hello, this is Jerry Seinfeld. Is Elaine there?
WOMAN: Hold on... Elaine, there's a Jerry Seinfeld on the phone for you.
ELAINE: Hello?
JERRY: Elaine, I need you to do me a big favor. I need you to go down to the Diplomat's Club and meet Bridget for me. I'm going to be late.
ELAINE: That's at the airport, right?
JERRY: Right, I don't want Bridget to think I stood her up. I'll never get another date with her. She'll freak out.
ELAINE: All right, all right. You sound a little freaked out yourself.
JERRY: I am a little freaked out!
ELAINE: Calm down, I'll take care of it. (Ms. Walker looks suspicious of Elaine)
JERRY: All right, but you have to go now.
ELAINE: I said I'll take care of it!
[Newman arrives at the airport with a bag]
NEWMAN: Kramer.
KRAMER: Hey.
NEWMAN: Okay, here it is.
KRAMER: Good. (To Earl) Here's my collateral.
EARL: So it's a mailbag, so what?
NEWMAN: So what? Do you know whose mailbag that is?
EARL: (Reading) David Berkowitz.
NEWMAN: Son of Sam. The worst mass murderer the post office ever produced.
EARL: Where did you get this?
NEWMAN: I took over his route. And boy, were there a lot of dogs on that route.
EARL: Any of 'em talk to you?
NEWMAN: Just to tell me to keep off the snacks!
EARL: (To Kramer) Your buddy's a helluva guy.
KRAMER: Yeah, don't I know it.
EARL: Okay, Cosmo, we're back in business. Let's check out the board. Now, who do you like?
KRAMER: All right, how 'bout Ithaca vs. Boston?
EARL: All right, I'll give you a sportin' chance. I'll take Ithaca.
KRAMER: Double or nothin'.
EARL: Double or nothin'.
NEWMAN: I hope you know what you're doing... (Kramer gives Newman a look of lack of confidence)
[In rental car... Katie is driving and Jerry is asleep]
JERRY: (Wakes up) Where are we?
KATE: I'm not sure.
JERRY: Is this even a road?
KATE: Oh we lost the road a half hour ago.
JERRY: What? Why didn't you wake me up?
KATE: You told me not to bother you with minor details.
JERRY: No, road is a major detail!
KATE: Okay, now I know. Should I keep going or turn around, do you have a preference?
JERRY: (Pointing ahead) Look out!
[At George's office, Carl enters]
GEORGE: May I help you?
CARL: I'm the exterminator.
GEORGE: Oh, yes of course, come in.
CARL: Why didn't you want me to bring my equipment or wear my uniform?
GEORGE: Yes, well, if the other people in the office saw that I called an exterminator, they would just panic. Besides, this is sort of a friendly visit. Carl, right?
CARL: Do I know you?
GEORGE: Yeah, sure, we met at Jerry Seinfeld's apartment. When you fumigated for fleas over there.
CARL: Seinfeld... Oh yeah, funny white guy, right?
GEORGE: Jerry? Yes, I suppose he is white. You know, I never really thought about it. I don't see people in terms of color. You know, there's someone I'd like you to meet. Hand on... (To phone) Is Mr. Morgan in?
PHONE: Mr. Morgan left for dinner.
GEORGE: He left... huh... Carl, you hungry?
[Mr. Pitt's. Pitt is in bed with Ms. Walker standing beside him. The T.V. is on.]
TV: Here's a new twist on car pooling: Early this morning, a lost Manhattanite drove through a residential backyard and wound up in a swimming pool near Ithaca, New York. Comedian Jerry Seinfeld, a passenger, seemed a little freaked out.
JERRY: That's it! No more questions! I don't care!
PITT: That's him! That's the man who gave me the pills in the drug store! He's no pharmacist.
WOMANEWMAN: Jerry Seinfeld... I know that name. He called here earlier for Elaine. (She looks at Mr. Pitt)
[At the restaurant, George and Carl enter. They see Mr. Morgan.]
GEORGE: (To Carl) Oh, by the way, order anything you want, it's all on me. Just do me a tiny favor: pretend we're old friends. Oh my God! Mr. Morgan! What a coincidence, it's Mr. Morgan. Mr. Morgan, I want you to meet a dear old friend of mine, Carl.
CARL: I'm the exterminator. (Morgan confused)
GEORGE: That's... what we used to call him in high school, the exterminator. He's a linebacker. Oh, did we have some wild times.
[Airport, Kramer is smoking a cigar]
EARL: Well, that Newman was your good luck charm.
KRAMER: Yeah, he was.
EARL: I should have quitted at double or nothin'. Travelers checks acceptable?
KRAMER: Oh I accept.
NEWMANEWMAN: (Talking to another man) ...yeah he worked in the cubicle right next to me. We once double dated.
KRAMER: Yeah, it's a pleasure doin' business with a gentleman like yourself. (Elaine enters)
ELAINE: Kramer.
KRAMER: Oh hi Elaine. What are you doing here?
ELAINE: Jerry asked me to meet his girlfriend here. Did you here about his plane in Ithaca?
EARL: What about the plane in Ithaca?
ELAINE: Oh, our stupid friend freaked out the pilot. Single handedly delayed the plane a whole hour. Can you believe that?
KRAMER: Boy...
EARL: Your friend caused the delay?
ELAINE: Uh huh.
EARL: You're a cheat! Nobody hustles Earl Hafler.
KRAMER: C'mon!
EARL: See you around, Cosmo.
KRAMER: What?
[Mr. Pitt's...]
ELAINE: Poison you? Jerry Seinfeld tried to poison you? Wha? Mr. Pitt, what are you, delirious? He's never even met you!
PITT: You're fired, Elaine. Goodbye.
ELAINE: Goodbye? (Elaine thinks of memories with Mr. Pitt)
[Airport, Jerry enters]
JERRY: Bridget!
BRIDGET: Jerry, what happened?
JERRY: Oh, I'm so sorry. I got stuck out of town. I missed our whole time together.
BRIDGET: Well, my plane doesn't leave for another half hour.
JERRY: Really? (They start to make out, Jerry sees the pilot on the plane) Oh my God, that's him! That's the pilot!
[Restaurant]
GEORGE: I love this place. You know, Carl and I come here all the time.
MORGANEWMAN: Is that right?
CARL: Yeah, I come here all the time. You wouldn't believe the rat problems in the kitchen.
MORGANEWMAN: (George spits out food) I thought so. You really are an exterminator. This time, George, you've sunk to a new low. (He leaves)
GEORGE: Check, please.
WAITER: Hey, Sugar Ray Leonard can eat here on the house.
GEORGE: Mr. Morgan! Did you hear that? Mr. Morgan!
[Opening monologue]
Monkeys are really the end of the line in the pet world. I think when you're at the monkey level of pet ownership, have a kid. I mean, come on, you know, I mean, you're *so* close. If you need a pet that can roller skate and smoke cigars, it's time to think about a family. Monkeys, of course, were the first astronauts in the sixties, which I'm sure made perfect sense in the monkey brain. 'Maybe that is the next logical step for me, because I've been working with the Italian guy and the crank organ, and I think I'm ready to handle the maximum re-entry g-forces.
[George and his date are talking in his car.]
GEORGE: Take toilet paper for example. Do you realize that toilet paper has not changed in my lifetime? It's just paper on a cardboard roll, that's it. And in ten thousand years, it will still be exactly the same because really, what else can they do?
SIENA: That's true. There really has been no development in toilet paper.
GEORGE: And everything else has changed. But toilet paper is exactly the same, and will be so until we're dead.
SIENA: Yeah, you're right George. What else can they do?
GEORGE: It's just paper on a roll, that's it. And that's all it will ever be.
SIENA: Wow.
GEORGE: You find this interesting, don't you?
SIENA: Yes. yes, I do.
(They stare at each other for a moment, then embrace.)
[Jerry and Elaine are at the coffee shop.]
ELAINE: (to the busboy) Oh, thanks very much, the soup was really good.
JERRY: What are you telling him for?
ELAINE: What?
JERRY: He's the busboy, you think he cares about the soup?
ELAINE: Yeah, why? Wouldn't he want the soup to be good?
JERRY: Elaine, it's all this guy can do to keep from killing himself. You think he's back there, talking to the chef, going, "Hey, they like the soup! Keep it up!"?
ELAINE: Hey, isn't that Alec Berg?
JERRY: Yep, Alec Berg. He's got a good 'John Houseman' name. Alec Beeerg. Mr. Beeerg.
ELAINE: I can't stand him, he is so pretentious.
JERRY: John Houseman?
ELAINE: No, Alec Berg.
ALEC: (approaching) Elaine!
ELAINE: Hi!
ALEC: Hi, how are you? Jerry.
JERRY: Hi, Alec.
ALEC: Did you hear about Gary Fogel?
JERRY: Yeah.
ALEC: You gonna go to the funeral on Friday?
JERRY: Yeah, hey did I see you on TV at the Ranger game? Were those your seats right behind the glass?
ALEC: Those are them, yeah. Season tickets. Uh, you know, unfortunately I can't go tonight, so they're available if you'd like to use them.
JERRY: Oh, I'd love to, are you sure?
ALEC: Absolutely, you just call my secretary, she'll arrange everything.
JERRY: Gee thanks! Thanks a lot!
ALEC: It's my pleasure. Be good. (Walking away, he stops abruptly) You know, I actually might not use them on Friday either so I'll let you know.
JERRY: Alright, thanks again.
ELAINE: Thank you very much.
JERRY: Really, thank you.
[Jerry and Elaine are back at his apartment.]
JERRY: Well what about these nitwits that get on a plane with nothing to read? You know who these people are?
ELAINE: Who?
JERRY: These are the people that want to talk to you. They got nothing else to do, why not disturb you?
ELAINE: I will never understand people.
JERRY: They're the worst.
(George enters, carrying a bouquet of flowers and singing.)
GEORGE: Something's up, there's something in the air.
JERRY: Well, what is with you?
GEORGE: Well, I think this is it.
ELAINE: What's it?
GEORGE: I saw Siena again.
ELAINE: Siena?
JERRY: Yeah, he's dating a crayon.
GEORGE: We discussed toilet paper.
JERRY: Toilet paper?
GEORGE: Yeah, I told her how toilet paper hasn't changed in my lifetime, and probably wouldn't change in the next fifty thousand years and she was fascinated, fascinated!
JERRY: What are you talking about?
ELAINE: Yeah.
JERRY: Toilet paper's changed.
ELAINE: Yeah.
JERRY: It's softer.
ELAINE: Softer.
JERRY: More sheets per roll
ELAINE: Sheets.
JERRY: Comes in a wide variety of colors.
ELAINE: Colors.
GEORGE: Ok, ok, fine! It's changed, it's not really the point. Anyway, I'm thinking of making a big move.
JERRY: What?
GEORGE: I might tell her that I love her. I came this close last night, then I just chickened out.
JERRY: Well, that's a big move, Georgie boy. Are you confident in the 'I love you' return?
GEORGE: Fifty-fifty.
JERRY: Cause if you don't get that return, that's a pretty big matzoh ball hanging out there.
GEORGE: Aw, I've just got to say it once, everybody else gets to say it, why can't I say it?
ELAINE: What, you never said it?
GEORGE: Once, to a dog. He licked himself and left the room.
JERRY: Well, so it wasn't a total loss.
(Kramer enters.)
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Hey, I forgot to tell you! I got tickets to the Rangers-Devils playoff game tonight!
KRAMER: Oh, I'm there, Monongahela!
JERRY: What about you, George?
GEORGE: Eh eh eh, can't do it, can't do it, sorry, I got a date.
KRAMER: So, so.
GEORGE: Oh no no no, if you must know, I would rather be with her than go to the game.
KRAMER: She must be a very special lady, huh George, yeah.
JERRY: Well, what do I do with the extra ticket?
ELAINE: Oh hey, can I bring David Puddy? He's a big Devils' fan.
JERRY: Sure, fine with me.
GEORGE: Hey, by the way, if anybody wants an inside tour of the zoo, Siena works there as a trainer.
KRAMER: So she works at the zoo?
GEORGE: Yeah, yeah.
KRAMER: Yeah, like Diane Fosse. You know she's the only person that's ever been accepted into gorilla society. And you know, once those gorillas accept you, you got it made in the shade.
[Elaine is at Puddy's apartment, waiting in the living room while he gets ready.]
ELAINE: So how long have you been a Devils' fan?
PUDDY: (off camera) Since I was a kid, I'm from Jersey.
ELAINE: Yeah? Well, we're gonna kick your butts tonight.
PUDDY: Hey, no way, man.
ELAINE: Yes.
PUDDY: We're primed.
ELAINE: Alright, you almost ready? Cause Jerry and Kramer are gonna be here any second.
(Puddy enters wearing a Devils' jersey and red and green paint all over his face.)
ELAINE: What the--
PUDDY: So what do you think?
ELAINE: What is that?
PUDDY: I painted my face.
ELAINE: (still in disbelief) You painted your face?
PUDDY: Yeah.
ELAINE: Why?
PUDDY: You know, support the team.
ELAINE: Well, you can't walk around like that.
PUDDY: Why not?
ELAINE: Because it's insane?
PUDDY: Hey, you gotta let them know you're out there, this is the playoffs.
(There's a knock at the door, Puddy answers it. It's Jerry and Kramer. Kramer enters first and does a typical 'Kramer take' when he sees Puddy's painted face. He recovers quickly.)
KRAMER: Hey.
PUDDY: Hey.
ELAINE: Dave, um, painted his face.
KRAMER: Yeah, that's cool. Well, you gotta support your team.
PUDDY: Ok, ready to go?
KRAMER: Yeah.
PUDDY: (startlingly loud) LET'S GET IT ON!!! Alright!! Go Devils!! Go Devils!! Let's go Devils!!
[Madison Square Garden, the four of them are at the game. Three are seated, Puddy has his face pressed against the glass as there's action in his corner.]
PUDDY: You're dead, Messier! We're gonna get you, Messier!
FAN #1: Will you sit down?
PUDDY: Hey man, I'm just trying to support the team.
ELAINE: Will you sit down? You're disturbing everybody. Sit down!
PUDDY: Oh yeah, because you're a Ranger fan and you know I'm messing with their heads.
(Just then the Devils score a goal and Puddy is back up, banging the glass.)
PUDDY: Go Devils!!
[George and Siena are sitting in the car again. They're listening to the hockey game on the radio.]
RADIO ANNOUNCER: Devils goal! Stephan Richer scores from just inside the blue line! And the Devils take-- (George turns down the volume)
GEORGE: You know, I could have actually gone to that.
SIENA: So why didn't you?
GEORGE: Well, I didn't want to break our date.
SIENA: Oh, well.
GEORGE: Because I... I love you.
SIENA: You know, I'm hungry. Let's get something to eat.
[Jerry, Elaine, Kramer and Puddy are walking on the street after the game. The Devils must have won because Puddy is gloating.]
PUDDY: Ha ha! We took it to you! You couldn't get it out of your zone all night. We were aggressive, we didn't let you penetrate!
KRAMER: Alright, that's enough out of you, there's still three more games left in this series, my friend, and it's far from being over. Very far from being over. (Notices a car coming right towards Puddy, who's crossing the street) Watch out!
(The car stops just short of hitting Puddy. There's an old priest in the passenger seat.)
PUDDY: (pounding the hood) Hey, what are you doing?! Watch where you're driving, man! (He approaches the passenger side window) Don't mess with the Devils, buddy. We're number one, we beat anybody! We're the Devils! The Devils!! Haaaa!!!
(Puddy runs away, leaving the old priest shaken.)
FATHER HERNANDEZ: El Diablo! Dios mio! El Diablo!!
[Jerry and George are at the coffee shop.]
JERRY: "I'm hungry. Let's get something to eat."
GEORGE: Yup.
JERRY: Big matzoh ball.
GEORGE: Huge matzoh ball.
JERRY: Those damn 'I love you' returns.
GEORGE: Well, it's all over. I slipped up.
JERRY: Oh, you don't know.
GEORGE: You have any idea how fast these things deteriorate when there's an 'I love you' out of the bag? You can't have a relationship where one person says, "I love you", and the other says, "I'm hungry. Let's get something to eat.".
JERRY: Unless you're married.
GEORGE: I mean, now she thinks that I'm one of these guys that love her. Nobody wants to be with somebody that loves them.
JERRY: No, people hate that.
GEORGE: You want to be with somebody that doesn't like you.
JERRY: Ideally.
GEORGE: I am never saying 'I love you' again unless they say it first.
WAITRESS: Matzoh ball soup?
GEORGE: That'd be me.
[Jerry enters his apartment carrying a bag of groceries. As soon as Jerry closes the door, we hear Kramer's door open and close. That moment, Kramer walks in.]
KRAMER: Hey, Jerry? You're a smart guy, right?
JERRY: No question about it.
KRAMER: Alright, you know I'm supposed to go on this special tour today with George's girlfriend.
JERRY: At the zoo?
KRAMER: Yeah, but before I met up with her, I stopped to look at the monkeys, when all of a sudden I am hit in the face with a banana peel. I turn and look and there is this monkey really laughing it up. Then someone tells me that he did it. Well, I pick up the banana peel and I wait for that monkey to turn around. And then I *whap* let him have it.
JERRY: Kramer, you threw a banana peel at a monkey?
KRAMER: Well, he started it!
JERRY: It's a monkey, Kramer!
KRAMER: Well, he pushed my buttons, I couldn't help it, Jerry.
JERRY: Well, I still think it's wrong.
KRAMER: Alright, alright, fine. You take the monkey's side, alright, go ahead.
JERRY: I'm not taking anyone's side.
KRAMER: (walking out) Cause I know what happened, Jerry. (remembering something and walking back in) Did you call Alec Berg and thank him for the hockey tickets?
JERRY: No.
KRAMER: Oh, Jerry, what are you waiting for?
JERRY: What do I gotta call him for? I thanked him five times when he gave them to me, how many time I gotta thank him?
KRAMER: Oh, no no no, you gotta call him the next day, it's common courtesy.
JERRY: No, I don't believe in it. I'm taking a stand against all this over thanking.
KRAMER: Jerry, good manners are the glue of society.
JERRY: Hey, if I knew I had to give him eight million 'thank you's, I wouldn't have taken the tickets in the first place.
KRAMER: Alright, you know what this is gonna do? He's gonna be upset because you didn't call him and we're not gonna get those tickets for Friday night.
JERRY: Ah, you're out of your mind.
KRAMER: Alright, where you going?
JERRY: I gotta get a suit cleaned, I have a funeral on Friday.
KRAMER: Who died?
JERRY: Remember the guy who pretended he had cancer so O would buy him the toupee?
KRAMER: So he actually had it?
JERRY: No, car accident. He was trying to adjust his toupee while he was driving and he lost control of the car.
[Riverside Gramercy Chapel. Jerry and Elaine are at Gary Fogel's funeral.]
ELAINE: That poor priest. He was just visiting from El Salvador. Now he's gone completely loco.
JERRY: The one Puddy screamed at in the car?
ELAINE: Yeah. He thinks he saw the devil. He won't leave his room in the church basement.
JERRY: Well, that's what you get for getting mixed up with a face painter.
ELAINE: I mean, what compels a seemingly normal human being to do something like that?
JERRY: Gotta support the team.
(Several women weep off camera. Elaine inspects her outfit.)
ELAINE: You know I really hate my clothes.
JERRY: Hm.
ELAINE: I open up my closet, there's just nothing.
JERRY: Hm.
ELAINE: Nothing. I hate everything I have, I really hate it. (The weeping increases in volume and intensity) I mean, at this point, it's like I can wear something three or four times and that's it.
JERRY: Hm.
ELAINE: It's getting to be a terrible problem for me.
JERRY: (noticing Alec Berg walk in, whispers) Hey, Alec!
(Alec barely acknowledges the greeting and takes a seat.)
JERRY: Did you see that? What kind of a 'hello' was that?
[Kramer is in the office at the zoo.]
MR. PLESS: Ah, Mr. Kramer?
KRAMER: Yes.
MR. PLESS: Thanks for coming.
KRAMER: So, uh, what did you want to see me about?
MR. PLESS: Well, Mr. Kramer, to get right to it, we're having a bit of a problem with Barry.
KRAMER: Barry?
MR. PLESS: The chimpanzee.
KRAMER: Oh. Well, uh, what's the problem?
MR. PLESS: Well, he's not functioning the way he normally does. He seems depressed. He's lost his appetite. He's even curtailed his autoerotic activities. And we think this is directly related to the altercation he had with you the other day.
KRAMER: So, so what do you want me to do?
MR. PLESS: Well, frankly we'd like you to apologize.
KRAMER: Yeah, well he started it.
MR. PLESS: Mr. Kramer, he is an innocent primate.
KRAMER: So am I. What about my feelings? Don't my feelings count for anything? Oh, only the poor monkey's important. Everything has to be done for the monkey! Look, I'm sorry. I--
SIENA: Hey, that's ok. Well, I've gotta go feed the marmosets.
KRAMER: (to Siena as she's walking out, but she appears to ignore) You know George really likes you.
MR. PLESS: She doesn't hear too well out of her left ear.
KRAMER: Oh.
[Jerry and George are at Jerry's apartment.]
JERRY: I mean, do you think it's possible that he's mad at me because he didn't get the day-after 'thank you'?
GEORGE: Wait a minute, you were at a funeral, right?
JERRY: Yeah.
GEORGE: Well, people never give a good 'hello' at a funeral. I mean, they go like this (George gives an extremely understated nod) That's the biggest.
JERRY: Yeah, yeah, that's kinda what he gave me.
GEORGE: Hey, they can't go, "Hey! You look fabulous!"
(Kramer enters.)
JERRY: Hey.
KRAMER: Hey. Well, I just spoke to your girlfriend.
GEORGE: Girlfriend, yeah, right.
KRAMER: Anyway, she asked me to apologize to Barry.
GEORGE: Barry?
KRAMER: The monkey.
JERRY: Well?
KRAMER: Nothing doing. Jerry, I didn't do anything. It's the monkey that should be apologizing to me.
JERRY: Well, I don't think that's gonna happen.
KRAMER: Well, I'm sorry. Well, George, I tried to put the good word in for you with Siena, but I don't think she heard me. You know, left ear?
GEORGE: What?
KRAMER: Yeah, her boss told me that she can't hear very well out of her left ear. What, you didn't know that?
GEORGE: Oh my god.
JERRY: What?
GEORGE: She probably never heard it. Don't you see what this means? It's like the whole thing never happened. It's like when Superman reversed the rotation of the earth to save Lois Lane!
JERRY: Are you gonna say it again?
GEORGE: That's the question, Jimmy.
[Jerry and George are still at Jerry's apartment, some time has passed.]
GEORGE: I'm gonna do it.
JERRY: What? After what you just went through, I thought you said you'd never say it again.
GEORGE: I'd like to say it once to someone that can actually hear it!
(George storms out of the apartment as Kramer enters.)
KRAMER: What's going on?
JERRY: He's gonna talk into her other ear.
KRAMER: Oh. Well listen, I almost forgot to ask you. What happened at the funeral? Now, did you talk to Alec berg?
JERRY: Yeah, I saw him.
KRAMER: Alright, so he's gonna give you the hockey tickets, huh?
JERRY: Well, not exactly.
KRAMER: He's mad, isn't he? See, I knew it.
JERRY: I don't know if he's mad.
KRAMER: Alright, so what happened when you saw him?
JERRY: Well, I didn't really get a good 'hello', but see, I was at a funeral.
KRAMER: Uh huh.
JERRY: See, so I don't know if I got a funeral 'hello' or he was mad because he didn't get his day-after 'thank you'.
KRAMER: See, I told you, Jerry, I told you!
JERRY: Look, what do you want me to do?
KRAMER: I want you to get on this phone and give him his 'thank you'!
JERRY: No. No, I can't!
KRAMER: Jerry, this is the way society functions. Aren't you a part of society? Because if you don't want to be a part of society, Jerry, why don't you just get in your car and move to the East Side!
JERRY: Look, we got five hours before the game. I am betting it was a funeral 'hello'. He knows we're here, he knows the number, he knows we want to go. There's plenty of time for him to call and give us the tickets.
KRAMER: You stubborn, stupid, silly man!
[Elaine and Puddy are at Elaine's apartment.]
PUDDY: Hey, great dip. You made this?
ELAINE: No, it's from the store.
PUDDY: Oh. Hey, how come people don't have dip for dinner? Why is it only a snack, why can't it be a meal, you know? I don't understand stuff like that.
ELAINE: David? David, I think we aught to talk.
PUDDY: Alright, that's cool.
ELAINE: David, I don't think we should see each other anymore.
PUDDY: You gotta be kidding, how come?
ELAINE: Well, you see, David, you're a face painter.
PUDDY: Yeah, that's right.
ELAINE: Well, it's not that I don't like you, but, well to be perfectly honest, I'm just having some trouble getting past the face painting.
PUDDY: Well, alright, so you don't like the face painting, I just won't paint it anymore.
ELAINE: Yeah, but you like the face painting.
PUDDY: Well, I don't need to do it. It's not like a habit or anything.
ELAINE: Oh. You mean you'd stop it for me?
PUDDY: Yeah, that's right.
ELAINE: That's so, that's so sweet.
PUDDY: Ah, c'mere. (They kiss) Alright, I gotta go home and get changed before the game. I'll be back, we'll make out.
[George and Siena are making out in his car.]
GEORGE: Siena, I love you.
SIENA: Yeah, I know. I heard you the first time.
GEORGE: Yeah. Just confirming.
[Jerry is sitting alone in his apartment waiting for Alec to call. The phone rings, Jerry answers.]
JERRY: Hello? Oh, hi mom. No, listen, I was expecting somebody else. I'm sorry, I can't talk now, I gotta keep the line clear, I'll call you later. Yes, I know I have call waiting but I don't trust it in an emergency. Good bye.
[Kramer is at the zoo, talking with Barry, the monkey.]
KRAMER: Anyway, I um, I just want to say that I'm sorry. I lost my temper and I probably shouldn't have. I took it out on you and, look, if I've caused you any problems as a result of my behavior, well then, I'm sorry. I apologize. Even though, Barry, between me and you, we both know that you started it. I mean, who's kidding who? But they tell me that you're very upset, and god forbid I should disturb the very important monkey, I'm just hoping we can put this behind us, let's just move on with our lives, ok? So no hard feelings?
(Kramer moves in for a handshake, Barry spits water all over his jacket. Kramer
gets defensive and Barry starts screaming and climbing the cage bars.)
[Elaine's apartment, Elaine and Puddy are making out. She unbuttons his shirt and notices something peculiar.]
ELAINE: What is that?
PUDDY: That's the letter 'D'.
ELAINE: Why is the letter 'D' painted on your chest?
PUDDY: Well, I'm going to the game tonight, and me and these five other guys are gonna take our shirts off and spell out 'Devils'.
ELAINE: But you said no more painting.
PUDDY: No, I said no more face painting, and as you can see this is not my face.
ELAINE: Yeah, that's right.
[Jerry is still waiting for the phone call. Kramer enters.]
KRAMER: Well? Did he call?
JERRY: No.
KRAMER: Oh, come on, Jerry! Come on, this is stupid! It's six o'clock! It's all over, just pick up the phone and thank him!
JERRY: Alright! (picks up the phone and dials) Hello, Alec? Hi, it's Jerry Seinfeld. You know, you got a great 'John Houseman' name. Alec Berg. Did you hand in your assignment, Mr. Berg?
ALEC: What can I do for you, Jerry?
JERRY: Well, Alec, the reason I called is I just wanted to thank you for the tickets from the other night.
ALEC: I wish you'd called me earlier, I could have given you my tickets for tonight.
JERRY: Oh, you already gave them away?
ALEC: Yeah, but you know what? I have a friend, he's got a couple of seats. If you don't mind the nose bleed section, they're yours.
JERRY: No, we don't care, we just want to go.
ALEC: There is one little catch, though.
[Exterior shot of MSG marquee announcing the Rangers vs Devils playoff game tonight. Cut to some on-ice action, then to the cheap seats where Puddy, Jerry and Kramer are seated, shirtless.]
PUDDY: Hey, great game, huh?
(The Devils score a goal, Puddy stands up screaming and drags Jerry and Kramer to their feet. Alongside Puddy's 'D', Jerry sports an 'E' on his chest, Kramer has a 'V' on his, and three more shirtless guys bearing 'I',' L' and 'S' rise alongside them. All are cheering wildly, except for Jerry and Kramer who stand silent.)
[The El Salvadoran priest is in his bedroom, another priest is at his bedside.]
PRIEST: Father Hernandez?
FATHER HERNANDEZ: Huh?
PRIEST: Una senora que te vino a ver. Ella dice que tiene informacion muy importante, y que te puede ayudar. (Subtitled: "A woman here to see you, she has important information that could be helpful to you.")
FATHER HERNANDEZ: Bueno.
PRIEST: Al fini finalmente paró el llover. (Subtitled: "Finally it stopped raining.")
FATHER HERNANDEZ: Aha, bueno.
(The priest shows Elaine into the room, she's wearing a white raincoat with a hood. As she approaches the bed, she's backlit by the sunlight coming through the window.)
ELAINE: Hello father.
FATHER HERNANDEZ: Oh. La Madonna! Madre de Christo! Yo estoy lista!
[Music from the movie "Beaches" playing on TV in the background)… "You'll never know ….]
GENNICE: (Crying) (sob sob)
JERRY: (To himself) Now what am I supposed to do here? Shall I go over there? It's not like somebody died. It's "Beaches" for god's sake. If she was sitting next to me I'd put my arm around her. I can't be making a big move like going all the way over there. I can't. I won't.
[Next day, Jerry and George enter Jerry's apartment]
JERRY: She calls me this morning and tells me she's upset I didn't console her. I mean it was "Beaches" for god's sake. What, what do you do in a situation like that?
GEORGE: Where were you?
JERRY: I was sitting on the chair. She was over here on the couch.
GEORGE: Well you know, if you were sitting right next to her you'd have to console her no matter what.
JERRY: Of course.
GEORGE: When you're talking about a movie like "Beaches", moving from the chair to the couch , . . . that's quite a voyage.
JERRY: yeah,
(Kramer enters)
KRAMER: Hey.
GEORGE: Hey. I gotta go.
KRAMER: Where you going?
JERRY: The Improv is playing "Rochelle Rochelle" The musical.
KRAMER: Really? What is Bette Midler playing? Is she going to be there?
JERRY: She might be. She's the star of the show.
KRAMER: Bette Midler is going to be in the park today? Yeeee. Jerry, don't tease me.
GEORGE: I didn't know you were such a Bette Midler fan.
KRAMER: So maybe I'll go down there and watch, uh? She'll be there, ,maybe.
GEORGE: Gennice palying today?
JERRY: Yeah, maybe.
KRAMER: Who's Gennice?
JERRY: That's the understudy. I'm dating her.
KRAMER: Oh, uh, is this uh, Bette Midler's understudy?
JERRY: Yeah.
KRAMER: Oh, understudies are a very shifty bunch. The substitute teachers of the theater world.
JERRY: I'm glad she's an understudy. I don't have to avoid going back stage and having to think of something to say.
GEORGE: Going backstage is the worst. Especially when they stink. You know that's a real problem.
JERRY: Just once I would like to tell someone they stink. You know what? I doidn't like the show. I didn't like you. It just really stunk. The whole thing…real bad. Stinkaroo. Thanks for the tickets though.
[Ruby's Nail Parlor  - Korean language in quotes]
RUBY: You late.
ELAINE: I know I know. I didn't have change for the bus and they don't give change in this city. So they threw me off the bus
RUBY: "That's a shame". You'll have to wait for Lotus now.
ELAINE: How long do you think this will take. I have a millllioooon things to do.
RUBY: "Mustn't keep the princess waiting. Princess in a big hurry." "No change for bus" "Poor princess."
ELAINE: What?, uh?
RUBY: Nothing, won't be long.
LOTUS: "Princess wants a manicure."
SUNNY: "Oh lucky me."
LOTUS: "Oh, you got the princess."
ELAINE: What is so funny?
RUBY: …tell knock-knock joke.
[Baseball diamond in the park]
ELAINE: The Korean women were talking about me. I think they were calling me a dog.
JERRY: How would you know? You don't speak Korean.
ELAINE: Because this woman came in with a dog and Ruby called the dog the same word they used when they were pointing at me…ge ge ge
KRAMER: You know, maybe in Korean "dog" isn't an insult. Could be like the word "fox" to us. Oh, she's a DOG!
JERRY: Why don't you go to another nail shop?
ELAINE: Because they're the best Jerry, the best. Look. Maybe I'm just being paranoid.
JERRY: What you need is a translator to go in the shop with you and tell you what they're saying.
ELAINE: Yeah, who speaks Korean?
JERRY: You know who speaks Korean?
ELAINE: No, who?
JERRY: George's father.
ELAINE: You gotta' be kidding me. How does he speak Korean?
JERRY: He used to go there a lot on business.
ELAINE: What did he do?
JERRY: He sold religious articles the statues of Jesus, the virgin Mary, that were manufactured in Korea.
ELAINE: Uh,
JERRY: George, does your father speak Korean?
GEORGE: Yeah, he once bumped into reverend Yung Sun Moon.
JERRY: Oh, hi Gennice.
GENNICE: Hi Jerry.
JERRY: This is George, this is Kramer.
GENNICE: Nice to meet you.
JERRY: Playing today?
GENNICE: No. I'm on the bench today.
JERRY: They really stick to that understudy rule.
KRAMER: So she's coming?
GENNICE: Oh, yeah, she'll be here. . . .(DROPS HOT DOG) Oh no, my frankfurter, my frankfurter fell (sob sob sob sob) . It was really good. I can't believe that I dropped it. (sob sob sob sob)
JERRY: It's okay…it's just a hot dog, (still sobbing) everything is going to be okay.
GENNICE: No it (sob) was really good.
(Crowd yelling - Bette arrives)
KRAMER: Look it's Bette It's Bette! Ah, Ah, AH, . . . Bette, psst, hi.
BETTE: Hi.
KRAMER: Uh, I just want to say I think you're wonderful.
BETTE: Uh, thank you.
KRAMER: Yeah, I've seen you in everything you've done.
BETTE: Really?
KRAMER: Anything I can get you? Water? They got ice over here.
BETTE: What flavours do they have?
KRAMER: Chocolate, Lemon, and uh, Cherry.
BETTE: How about Pineapple?
KRAMER: Pineapple, sure, alright, I'll be right back.
[First Italian ice cream seller]
ICE CREAM VENDER #1: No pineapple. Just Cherry, Lemon and Tutti-Frutti
KRAMER: Oh, uh, uh. (Leaves)
[Monk's]
ELAINE: Anyway, Mr. Costanza, what I want you to do is to come to the shop with me and tell me what they are saying. You do speak Korean?
FRANK: I once talked to the reverend Yung Son Moon. He bought two Jesus statues from me. He's a hell of a nice guy.
ELAINE: uh, ha.
FRANK: Ever see that face on him? Like a Biiig apple pie.
ELAINE: Yeah, yeah. Uh, uh listen Mr. Costanza, if uh, if you do this for me I'll get you a manicure, I'll pay for it. Or you can get a pedicure if you want.
FRANK: No one is touching my feet. Between you and me, Elaine, I think I've got a foot odour problem.
(Baseball diamond- Bette at bat)
GEORGE: I watched "Beaches" on cable last night. …(wings?) … Give me a break.
BETTE: Get some talent then you can mouth off.
UMPIRE: Strike three.
BETTE: What? Are you blind?
UMPIRE: What?
BETTE: Nothing, nothing.
[Monk's]
FRANK: I had an affair with a Korean woman.
ELAINE: Uh, Mr. Costanza, I …
FRANK: No, I feel I need to unburden myself. I loved her very deeply. But the clash of cultures was too much. Her family would not accept me.
ELAINE: Mr. Costanza, I, …
FRANK: Maybe it was because I refused to take off my shoes. Again, the foot odour problem. Her father would look at me and say, " eno enoa juang ". Which means, "this guy - this is not my kind of guy".
[On Street]
ICE CREAM VENDER #2: Sure I got Pineapple.
(Kramer runs back with it)
[Baseball diamond - George at bat]
BETTE: Move it in. Move in everybody. Get your shrimp here. Shrimp on special today!
JERRY: Come on George, just loosen up.
(George hits one )
JERRY: Come on George.
KRAMER: I GOT THE PINEAPPLE. : I GOT THE PINEAPPLE.
JERRY: (to George) Keep going.
GEORGE: Aaaaaah
(George runs into Bette (trivia- but misses home plate))
UMPIRE: SAFE!
(Mob gets angry and chases George and Jerry)
GEORGE: come on it's just a game.
KRAMER: (holding bette) Don't worry Kramer is going to take care of everything. See,, I got you Pineapple. I saw Beaches last night for the fourth time (sings) "You are the wind…"
[Jerry's Apartment]
TV: the show will go on but not Bette Midler. While playing softball in the park Ms. Midler was injured when another player thoughtlessly rammed her at home plate. All captured on amateur video tape. She will be out for two weeks from her Broadway show; Rochelle Rochelle - The Musical.
(Genice enters)
GENNICE: . . . Thank you. (hugs Jerry and George)
JERRY: Well we…
GENNICE: No, please. This is the first time in my life (sobs) that anyone has ever done anything like this for me. I've always had to struggle so hard for everything I ever got. (sobbing) and I know this is going to be my big break. (sobbing)
JERRY: (with no emotion) It's okay. Everything is going to be all right.
(Knocking at door)
KRAMER: Come on Jerry, open up. I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE!
JERRY: Come back another time.
(Shot of each lock being opened)
KRAMER: SO...you're all in here together. How convenient. I hope you're all proud of yourselves.
(Turning to Genice)
KRAMER: So my dear you think you can get to Broadway. Well, let me tell you something. Broadway has no room for people like you. Not the Broadway I know. My Broadway takes people like you and eats them up and spits them out. My Broadway is the Broadway of Merman, and Martin, and Fontaine, and if you think you can build yourself up by knocking other people down... ...GOOD LUCK... (exits)
[Nail Parlour]
ELAINE: Hi everyone. Um, this is my friend, Frank.
RUBY: What would you like today? Manicure, Pedicure?
FRANK: I'll take a manicure. I don't take my shoes off for anyone.
RUBY: "That's the least of his problems."
FRANK: What was that?
ELAINE: What'd they say? What'd they say?
FRANK: They made a derogatory comment about me.
RUBY: "She's with a man twice her age." "He doesn't look like he's got much money either."
LOTUS: "Check out that sweater". (all laughing)
RUBY: "I think I saw a moth fly out of a pocket."
LOTUS: "What happened to his tail?"
FRANK: Okay, THAT'S IT! "oki on awa" Where's my tail? I heard every word you said. You got some nerve.
(Back room)
KIM: That voice? It sounds so familiar. It reminds me of when I was ayoung girl in Korea and I met an American businessman. He was a very unusual man. Quick temperd with a strange halting way of speaking. We fell in love but when I brought him home to meet my father? He refused to take his shoes off. And there was a terrible fight.
LOTUS: That man also refuses to take his shoes off.
FRANK: (from other room) I never seen people treated like this!
RUBY: You brought in a spy! . . . Get Out!
KIM: Frank?
FRANK: Kim?
[Hospital room]
KRAMER: (on phone) A turkey sandwich. A side of slaw, … you want whit e meat or dark?
BETTE: White meat.
KRAMER: Yeah, white meat. And if I see one piece of dark meat on there. It's your ass buster.
BETTE: Get me one of those Black and White cookies.
KRAMER: yeah, all right, yeah…. (hangs up) They don't have any. But don't worry I'm going to get you one somewhere.
BETTE: Good. Because if I don't get a Black and White cookie I'm not going to be very pleasant to be around.
KRAMER: Now that's impossible.
[On rainy street at night]
ELAINE: (sob sob) (bumps into man with an umbrella) … I don't even know where I'm going.
PETERMAN: That's the best way to get someplace you've never been.
ELAINE: yes, (sob) I suppose, …
PETERMAN: Have you been crying?
ELAINE: Yes, (sob) you see this (sob) woman, this manicurist,…
PETERMAN: Oh no, that doesn't matter now. That's a very nice jacket.
ELAINE: Uh, (sob) thanks.
PETERMAN: Very soft, huge button flaps, cargo pockets, draw string waist, deep biswing vents in the back perfect for jumping into a gondola.
ELAINE: How do you know all that?
PETERMAN: That's my coat.
ELAINE: You mean..?
PETERMAN: Yes, I'm J. Peterman.
ELAINE: Oh!
[In Taxi]
JERRY: I don't know why I have to go to the hospital. I didn't do anything to Bette Midler. Driver can you stop over here, we're picking somebody up.
(Crowd yelling)
GENNICE: Hey, I didn't do anything. I was never informed. … YOU CAN ALL GO STRAIGHT TO HELL…. You see that? You see what I am going through?
GEORGE: So what? Somebody dropped an egg on my head as I went into my building last night.
JERRY: Hey, I'm being heckled on stage. People are yelling out Galloogy.
GENNICE: I'm having a little trouble with all this. I mean all I ever wanted to do is sing. Now I'm the focus of this big media frenzy. (sob) Nobody in the show will even talk to me.
JERRY: Stop your crying will ya?
GENNICE: What?
GEORGE: You heard him.
GENNICE: Oh, don't you you're the reason this whole thing happened.
GEORGE: Oh, yeah. I read what you said to the papers yesterday. You weren't in on the planing. What planning? YOU THINK WE PLANED THIS? Uh?
CABBIE: Wait. Wait. I know you. You knocked Bette Midler out of Rochelle Rochelle the Musical. I want you creeps out of my cab.
JERRY: Hey, I had nothing to do with it.
CABBIE: Get out of my cab. You should go to prison. You should be in prison for the rest of your life. Get out, each of you. Each and every one of you get out of my cab.
[Restaurant]
PETERMAN: Then in the distance I heard the bulls. I began running as fast as I could. Fortunately I was wearing my Italian Captoe Oxfords. Sophisticated yet different; nothing to make a huge fuss about. Rich dark brown calfskin leather. Matching leather vent. Men's whole and half sizes 7 through 13. Price $135.00.
ELAINE: Oh, that's not too expensive.
PETERMAN: That shirt. Where did you get it?
ELAINE: Oh, this innocent looking shirt has something which isn't innocent at all. Touchability! Heavy, silky Italian cotton, with a fine almost terrycloth like feeling. Five button placket, relaxed fit, innocence and mayhem at once.
PETERMAN: That's NOT bad!
[Frank's car]
KIM: Oh, Frank. So many years. If only you had taken your shoes off.
FRANK: I couldn't because I had a potential foot problem.
KIM: I thought maybe you had a hole in your socks.
FRANK: I wiped them for two minutes on the mat. I don't know why your father had to make a federal case out of it.
KIM: Anyway that is all in the past. We have our whole future ahead of us.
FRANK: Between you and me I think your country is placing a lot of importance on shoe removal.
(Screeching of brakes)
KIM: You short stop me? We don't do that in Korea! Take me home. Inever want to see you again.
[Bette's hospital room - Kramer enters]
KRAMER: Hi, here. I made this for your. (gives her a pasta statue)
BETTE: … What is it?
KRAMER: It's macaroni Midler.
BETTE: Macaroni Midler?
KRAMER: Yeah, see how you're singing?
BETTE: … yeah …ha ha. Well you made a long journey from Milan to Minsk.
KRAMER: oh, what's that from?
BETTE: Oh, that's one of the songs from my show. Bette sings:
"Well you made a long journey from Milan to Minsk.
Rochelle Rochelle.
You never stopped hoping. now you're in the pink
Rochelle Rochelle
When the nay sayers nay you pick up your pace
So nothing's going to stop me so get out of my face.
I'm having adventures all over the place.
Rochelle ROCHELLE!"
KRAMER: Oh You are so freaking talented.
(knock at door - Kramer goes out into hall)
KRAMER: Oh, so look who's here. What do you want.
JERRY: We just want to talk to her. We want to apologize and tell her the whole thing was an accident.
KRAMER: No, no. I'm sorry it's out of the question.
JERRY: What?
KRAMER: Bette is recuperating right now and I'm not going to allow anything to disturb her.
GEORGE: Who are you to decide?
KRAMER: I'm calling the shots around here so there won't be anymore ACCIDENTS!
GEORGE: Hey, look, Kramer,…
KRAMER: AH! I don't want her disturbed.
[Outside Broadway Theater]
RUBY: hello, Elaine.
ELAINE: Hello
LOTUS: We're so excited.
ELAINE: You're welcome.
RUBY: We'll see you inside.
JERRY: What happened?
ELAINE: Well I felt bad about the spying, so you know, ,I got them tickets to the show.
JERRY: Oh,, that's nice. Alright, I'll see you later.
ELAINE: Wait, wait. I didn't get to tell you about my new job.
JERRY: Where?
ELAINE: Writing for the J. Peterman catalogue.
JERRY: (pushing her) How did you get that?
ELAINE: I met him.
JERRY: You met J. Peterman?
ELAINE: yeah.
JERRY: What is he like?
ELAINE: He wore a classic courtman's duster. beige corduroy collar, 100% cotton canvas, high waist, nine pockets, six on the outside, great for running along side a train, (Jerry walking away) waving last goodbyes, posing on a veranda, Men's sizes ...
JERRY: (walking away) Yeah, I'll see ya'.
ELAINE: . . . Small, Medium, Large, XL, Double...
[Backstage]
JERRY: Well, break a leg tonight.
GENNICE: I'm really nervous.
STAGEHAND: Here you got a telegram. Well, look who's here.
JERRY: Listen buddy,
STAGEHAND: What are you going to do? Break my legs? You don't scare me. You or your goons.
GENNICE: How do you like this?
JERRY: What is it?
GENNICE: My grandmother died.
JERRY: Oh, I'm so sorry.
GENNICE: Oh, it's okay,
JERRY: So you don't cry when your grandmother dies? But a hotdog makes you lose control?
VOICE: (Off camera) Places everyone.
GENNICE: I gotta go.
JERRY: Good luck.
[Audience]
ANNOUNCER: ladies and gentlemen for this evening's performance the part of Rochelle will be played by Gennice Grant.
LOTUS: Gennice Glant?
RUBY: What happened to Bette Midler?
ELAINE: Oh, she got hurt.
RUBY: No Bette Midler? (they talk Korean and all three leave)
ELAINE: I, uh, wait,…
[On Stage]
GENNICE: (singing and dancing) "It's a long journey from Milan to Minsk…" (Shoe lace comes undone (even LOOKS like figure skates) wait wait. Hold it stop, (sob) I'm sorry, I have to start it over, my shoelace. (sob) I can't do it like this. Please let me start over. (sob) Please. (sob) Please. . . .
[George's Apartment]
GEORGE: Well, you got no place to go. I'll tell you what your problem is: You brought your queen out too fast. What do you think? She's one of these feminists looking to get out of the house? No, the queen is old fashioned. . Likes to stay home. Cook. Take care of her man. Make sure he feels good.
LIZ: Checkmate.
GEORGE: I don't think we should see each other any more.
[At Elaine's. She's trying to get some rest.]
(dogs barking)
ELAINE: Shut up! Shut up! You stupid mutt.
[Monk's]
JERRY: And you broke up with her 'cuz she beat you at chess? That's pretty sick.
GEORGE: I don't see how I could perform sexually in a situation after something like that. I was completely emasculated. Anyway, it's not the only reason.
JERRY: Yeah, what else?
GEORGE: All right. You wanna know what one of her favorite expressions is? Happy, Pappy?
JERRY: Happy, Pappy? What does that mean?
GEORGE: Like if she wants to know if I'm pleased with something, she'll say, "Happy, Pappy?"
JERRY: Oh, you're "Pappy".
GEORGE: I'm "Pappy".
JERRY: Oh, I get it. Why don't you just say it?
GEORGE: Oh, come on. What, are you kidding? GEORGE: I'm much more comfortable criticizing people behind there backs. Anyway, look who's talking. You just broke up with with Melanie last week because she "shuushed you" while you were watching TV.
JERRY: Hey, I got a real thing about "shushing"!
GEORGE: What is this? Did you ever get the feeling like you've had a haircut but you didn't have one? I'm all itchy back here.
JERRY: Ahh.
GEORGE: What?
JERRY: What is this? What are we doing? What in god's name are we doing?
GEORGE: What?
JERRY: OUR LIVES!! . What kind of lives are these? We're like children. We're not men.
GEORGE: No, we're not. We're not men.
JERRY: We come up with all these stupid reasons to break up with these women.
GEORGE: I know. I know. That's what I do. That's what I do.
JERRY: Are we going to be sitting here when we're sixty like two idiots?
GEORGE: . We should be having dinner with our sons when we're sixty.
JERRY: We're pathetic… you know that?
GEORGE: Yeah, Like I don't know that I'm pathetic.
JERRY: Why can't I be normal?
GEORGE: Yes. Me, too. I wanna be normal. Normal.
JERRY: It would be nice to care about someone.
GEORGE: Yes. Yes. Care. You know who I think about a lot? Remember SUSAN: ? The one that used to work for NBC?
JERRY: Hmm. I thought she became a lesbian.
GEORGE: No. It didn't take.
JERRY: Oh.
GEORGE: Did I tell you I ran into her last week? Ho-ho, she looked great.
JERRY: Hmm.
GEORGE: You thought she was good looking, right?
JERRY: See, there you go again. What is the difference what I think?
GEORGE: I was just curious.
JERRY: Well, this is it. I'm really gonna do something about my life, you know? You know, I think I'm gonna call Melanie again. So what if she shushed me. GEORGE:, I am really gonna make some changes.
GEORGE: Yes. Changes.
JERRY: I'm serious about it.
GEORGE: Think I'M not?
JERRY: I'm not kidding.
GEORGE: Me, too.
[At JERRY:'s. He's on the phone]
JERRY: Melanie, you can shush me at every opportunity. 5? 3? Oh, it was just an expression. All right, well, that's very sweet of you. Okay, I'll call you later. All right, bye. Hey!
KRAMER: What?
JERRY: I had a very interesting lunch with GEORGE: Costanza today.
KRAMER: Really?
JERRY: We were talking about our lives and we both kind of realized we're kids. We're not men.
KRAMER: So, then you asked yourselves, "Isn't there something more to life?"
JERRY: Yes. We did.
KRAMER: Yeah, well, let me clue you in on something. There isn't.
JERRY: There isn't?
KRAMER: Absolutely not. I mean, what are you thinking about, JERRY:? Marriage? Family?
JERRY: Well...
KRAMER: They're prisons. Man made prisons. You're doing time. You get up in the morning. She's there. You go to sleep at night. She's there. It's like you gotta ask permission to use the bathroom. Is it all right if I use the bathroom now?
JERRY: Really?
KRAMER: Yeah, and you can forget about watching TV while you're eating.
JERRY: I can?
KRAMER: Oh, yeah. You know why? Because it's dinner time. And you know what you do at dinner?
JERRY: What?
KRAMER: You talk about your day. How was your day today? Did you have a good day today or a bad day today? Well, what kind of day was it? Well, I don't know. How about you? How was your day?
JERRY: Boy.
KRAMER: It's sad , Jerry. It's a sad state of affairs..
JERRY: I'm glad we had this talk.
KRAMER: Oh, you have no idea.
[Apiphany scene - on the pier]
GEORGE: La-la-la...
[Jerry's. Elaine pops in, she looks like something the cat just dragged in]
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Hey.
ELAINE: Three hours of sleep again last night.. Three hours of sleep because of that dog.
KRAMER: What dog?
KRAMER: Yeah. What dog?
ELAINE: This dog in the courtyard across from my bedroom window that never never stops barking..
KRAMER: Don't...
ELAINE: I lost my voice screaming at this thing. I can't sleep. I can't work. I mean, I just moved. I can't move again. What am I gonna do? What? What am I gonna do?
KRAMER: Well, there is something you can do.
ELAINE: What? KRAMER:, I'll do anything.
KRAMER: Well, what if there should be an unfortunate accident?
JERRY: You're going to rub out the dog?
KRAMER: No, no. Not me. I just happen to know someone who specializes in exactely these kinds of sticky situations.
ELAINE: Uh-huh.
JERRY: What, you're considering this?
KRAMER: Look, just meet with him. ?????.
[Newman's - dark and dangerous]
ELAINE: I don't really know why I'm here. Kramer talked me into coming up here. But, obviously, I could never really do anything.
NEWMAN: Of course. Obviously.
ELAINE: Uh, so, anyway, I'm sorry for wasting your time.
NEWMAN: What kind of dog did you say it was?
ELAINE: Um, I don't know. I've never really seen it.
NEWMAN: I see many dogs on my mail route. I'll bet there's not one type of mutt or mongrel I haven't run across.
NEWMAN: If you ask me, they have no business living amongst us. Vile, USELESS BEASTS . . .
KRAMER: NEWMAN: ! Stop it!!
NEWMAN: Anyway.
ELAINE: Yeah. Well um, I was just curious if I were interested in availing myself of your services, um, what exactly would you do?
NEWMAN: Well, ELAINE:, There's any number of things I could do. But, I can promise you this, though, this vicious beast will never bother you again. So, what's it going to be?
ELAINE: No, I'm sorry. I can't hurt a dog. I can't hurt a dog. I can't.
KRAMER: I got it. We'll kidnap him . and we'll drop him off Upstate and this way he won't bother you anymore and he won't get hurt.
NEWMAN: Yeah, I suppose.
KRAMER: Huh?
ELAINE: I'd have to think about it. I doubt it, though. I doubt it. I'll let you know.
NEWMAN: Of course. Take your time. I be here.
[GEORGE: is still at the pier. His thoughts shift somewhat.]
GEORGE: La-la-la-la-la-la-la! [flashbacks to Susan]
[Elaine's .- makes phone call]
ELAINE: All right. Let's do it.
NEWMAN: Excellent. Excellent.
[Restaurant]
JERRY: How come you're eating your peas one at a time?
MELANIE: I'm sorry.
[Susan's]
SUSAN: Who is it?
GEORGE: It's GEORGE:.
SUSAN: GEORGE:? GEORGE:, what is it?
GEORGE: Will you marry me?
[George is on the phone.]
GEORGE: Ma, guess what!
MRS. COSTANZA: Oh, my god!
GEORGE: No, it's nothing bad. I'm getting married.
MRS. COSTANZA: You're what?
GEORGE: I'm getting married?
MRS. COSTANZA: Oh, my god! You're getting married?
GEORGE: Yes!
MRS. COSTANZA: Oh, I can't believe it. FRANK:, come here.
FRANK: You come here.
MRS. COSTANZA: Georgie's getting married.
FRANK: What?
MRS. COSTANZA: Georgie's getting married.
FRANK: Get the hell out of here. He's getting married?
MRS. COSTANZA: Yes.
FRANK: To a woman?
MRS. COSTANZA: Of course to a woman. What's she look like?
FRANK: I'm sure she's pretty gorgeous.
GEORGE: What difference does it make what she looks like?
MRS. COSTANZA: Is she pretty?
GEORGE: Yes, she's pretty. What difference does it make?
MRS. COSTANZA: Oh, I'm just curious.
FRANK: She's not pretty?
MRS. COSTANZA: Let me talk to her.
GEORGE: She wants to talk to you.
SUSAN: Uh, hello?
MRS. COSTANZA: Congratulations!
SUSAN: I just want you to know that I love your son very much.
MRS. COSTANZA: You do?
SUSAN: Yes.
MRS. COSTANZA: Really?
SUSAN: Yes.
MRS. COSTANZA: May I ask why?
FRANK: Okay...
MRS. COSTANZA: Will you stop. I'm on the telephone.
FRANK: Can I talk to her, please?
[Outside Jer's and Cosmo's apt.]
JERRY: Hey!
KRAMER: Hey!
JERRY: What are you up to?
KRAMER: Nothing.
JERRY: What's the rope for?
KRAMER: Oh! Well, How do you like that. I got rope. Um, I gotta go.
JERRY: The dog. You're getting the dog.
GEORGE: Hey, Kramer, where are you going?
KRAMER: Out.
GEORGE: Don't go. Kramer! Come back. I got great news. Well, I did it.
JERRY: Did what?
GEORGE: I got engaged. I'm getting married. I asked Susan to marry me. We're getting married this Christmas.
JERRY: You're getting married?
GEORGE: Yes!
JERRY: Oh, my god!
GEORGE: I'm a man. Jerry, I'm a man. And do you know why? It's because of that talk we had. You were my inspiration. Do you believe it? You. That lunch was the defining moment of my life.
JERRY: I'm blown away.
GEORGE: You're blown?
JERRY: Wow!
GEORGE: You like that?
JERRY: And she said "Yes"?
GEORGE: It took a couple of hours of convincing. I was persistent. I was just like those guys in the movies. And it worked! She said "Yes"! I can't believe my luck that she was still available . A beautiful woman like that. You think she's good looking, right?
JERRY: You're gonna have gorgeous kids.
GEORGE: Yes. She's got great skin - a rosy glow..
JERRY: Pinkish hue?
GEORGE: Oh, she's got the hue. So, what's going on with you and Melanie? I mean, I know you're not getting married, but uh, things are happening?
JERRY: Well...actually, we kind of broke up.
GEORGE: You what?
JERRY: Well, you know, we were having dinner the other night, and she's got this strangest habit. She eats her peas one at a time. You've never seen anything like it. It takes her an hour to finish them. I mean, we've had dinner other times. I've seen her eat Corn Niblets. But she scooped them.
GEORGE: . . . she scooped her niblets?
JERRY: Yes. That's what was so vexing.
GEORGE: Uh-huh. Uh-huh. What about the pact?
JERRY: What?
GEORGE: What happened to the pact? We were both gonna change. We shook hands on a pact. Did you not shake my hand on it uh?
JERRY: You stuck your hand out, so I shook it. I don't know about a pact. Anyway, you should be happy you're engaged. You're getting married.
GEORGE: Well, it's not that. I just, you know, I thought that we were both uh...
JERRY: You thought I was gonna get married?
GEORGE: Well, maybe not married, but...
JERRY: I mean, you love Susan, right?
GEORGE: Yeah.
JERRY: You want to spend the rest of your life with her
GEORGE: . . . . . . Yeah.
JERRY: So?
GEORGE: Yeah. It doesn't make any difference.
JERRY: No. So, we're still on to see uh, Firestorm tonight?
GEORGE: Yeah.
JERRY: I'll pick you up at your apartment. We'll go to the Eight.
GEORGE: Yeah.
JERRY: Hey, wait a second. Wait a second. ! Celebrate! How about some champagne?
GEORGE: Champagne?
JERRY: Yes, come on! How often do you get engaged? Come on!
GEORGE: Okay! Alright!
JERRY: You know what? No champagne. Anyway. . . I'll see you later.
GEORGE: Yeah.
[Night outside]
ELAINE: That's it. That's it. Stop right here.
NEWMAN: All right, give me the rope.
ELAINE: What? What do you need a rope for?
NEWMAN: Look, I don't have time to explain every little thing to you.
ELAINE: I don't know. Now, I'm thinking maybe we shouldn't do this.
NEWMAN: I knew you'd back out.
ELAINE: KRAMER:, are we doing a bad thing?
KRAMER: Well, Look at it this way. We drop the dog off in front of somebody's house in the country. They find it and adopt it. Now the dog is prancing in the fields. Dancing and prancing. Fresh air. . Dandelions. We're doing this dog a huge favor.
ELAINE: Yeah. That's him.
NEWMAN: All right. I'm going in. Keep the motor running.
[George's.]
JERRY: Ready?
GEORGE: Um, I don't uh, really think I can go.
JERRY: Oh, how come?
GEORGE: Well, I didn't really tell Susan about it, and she doesn't really have anything else to do.
JERRY: Well, she could come.
GEORGE: Well, she doesn't really want to see Firestorm.
JERRY: Oh.
GEORGE: She um, she wants to see The Muted Heart.
JERRY: Oh, The Muted Heart. Glen Close. Sally Field. Well, that should be good.
GEORGE: Yeah. see you later.
JERRY: Hey, wait a second. You know, we could share a cab. They're playing at the same Cineplex.
SUSAN: George, better get ready.
GEORGE: I am ready.
SUSAN: You wearing that shirt?.
GEORGE: Okay, I guess I'll see you down there.
JERRY: Yeah.
GEORGE: Okay.
[In the van.]
ELAINE: What time you got?
KRAMER: Oh, no. I don't wear a watch.
ELAINE: What do you do?
KRAMER: Well, I tell time by the sun.
ELAINE: How close do you get?
KRAMER: Well, I can guess within an hour.
ELAINE: Tsk. Well, I can guess within the hour, and I don't even have to look at the sun.
KRAMER: Yeah.
ELAINE: Well, what about at night? What do you do then?
KRAMER: Well, night's tougher but it's only a couple of hours.
NEWMAN: Let's go. Let's go. Move!
KRAMER: You got it?
NEWMAN: What do you think? Drive. Drive.
ELAINE: Where is it? Where is it? This? This is the dog?
NEWMAN: Yep.
ELAINE: But he's so small.
NEWMAN: Yeah, but he's a fighter.
ELAINE: That can't be the dog. Are you sure you got the right one?
NEWMAN: Look, you said the one in the second courtyard. He was in the second courtyard.
ELAINE: How