 are sweatshop eggs.
(Kramer gets up to leave by climbing over the back of the booth. He loses it and falls on the floor, then regains his composure and walks out with his napkin still tucked in his collar.)
KURT (to Elaine): Ah, I gotta call the office. Honey, will you order for me?
ELAINE (sitting down): I'm a "honey." He's pretty great, huh?
JERRY: Is he from the future?
ELAINE: No, he just shaves his head. I think it's pretty gutsy.
GEORGE: Listen, sweetheart, let me tell you a little something about guts. (Points to his head.) This is guts.
ELAINE: What? Clinging to some scraps?
GEORGE: These are not "scraps." These are historic remains of a once Great Society of Hair.
ELAINE: Oh, did you guys stop at the bodega today? Some moron bounced a clown check!
[The Bodega, starts with a shot of Marcelino's cash register with Jerry's clown check attached under a sign that reads "checks no longer accepted from:".]
Check #1246, dated Dec. 15 '96, Made out to: Columbus Deli for $40.00
City Trust and Savings Bank, Main Branch, Corner Third and Main -- numbers at the bottom of the check - routing #2327619641 271098 Account #315319510)
JERRY: Again, I'm really sorry about the check, Marcelino.
MARCELINO: People seem to like the clowns.
JERRY (takes out his wallet): Look, let me just give you the forty, plus another twenty for your trouble.
MARCELINO: 'Kay.
JERRY (turning to leave): Aren't you going to take the check down?
MARCELINO: Sorry, no. It's store policy.
JERRY: But it's your bodega.
MARCELINO: Even I am not above the policy.
(Jerry leaves while giving Marcelino a dirty look.)
[George touring the women's prison with Betsy, the "warden."]
BETSY: Those are our tennis courts.
GEORGE: Tennis courts? W-w-what about the yard? Where do they have the gang fights?
BETSY: There's no fights here, Mr. Costanza. This is a minimum security facility.
GEORGE: Hmm. What about a hole? You ever put anybody in "the box"?
BETSY: No.
GEORGE (to himself): This prison stinks.
BETSY: And finally, the library, which has just been refurbished thanks to your generous donation. This is Celia Morgan, our librarian.
CELIA: Nice to meet you.
BETSY: I'll be in my office if you need me.
GEORGE: Thanks, Warden.
BETSY (sweetly): Betsy.
GEORGE (disappointed): Betsy.
CELIA: So, are you the head of the foundation?
GEORGE: Well, let's just say it wouldn't exist without me. (Notices another person in the library dressed the same as Celia.) So you two uh, shop at the same store, (hu)?
CELIA: No, it's standard issue.
GEORGE: Oh my God...You're in jail? (Celia nods.) That is so cool!
[Jerry's apartment later that day.]
JERRY: You asked her out?
GEORGE: Well...not "out." She's a prisoner.
JERRY: How could you ask her out?
GEORGE: Why not?
JERRY: I remember when you wouldn't date that girl who lived in Queens because you didn't want to go over the bridge!
GEORGE: That was different!
JERRY: I'll say.
GEORGE: Jerry, I like being with her. Plus, I know where she is all the time. I have relatively no competition. An-and you know how you live in fear of the pop-in?
JERRY (shudders): The pop-in.
GEORGE: Yeah, no pop-in, no "in the neighborhood," no "I saw your light was on." And the best part is, if things go really well...
JERRY: Conjugal visit?
GEORGE (giddy): Don't jinx it! Don't jinx (trails off quietly in elation)
(Kramer enters carrying a couple plastic grocery bags.)
KRAMER: Hey.
GEORGE: Hey.
KRAMER: What's up?
JERRY: George is dating a convict.
KRAMER: Oh? What's she in for? (putting groceries in the fridge)
GEORGE: Embezzlement.
KRAMER (approvingly): Sounds like a nice girl. Hey Jerry, is it all right if I put some stuff in your fridge? 'Cause mine's full.
JERRY: Yeah, sure. You don't even have a fridge, do you?
KRAMER: Well, not here.
(Goes into the hallway, comes back in with a huge bag of chicken feed.)
KRAMER: Okay (lifting the bag and carrying it into the apt.)
JERRY: Kramer, Kramer, wait a minute, what the hell is that?
KRAMER: Well, it's chicken feed. (Slams the bag into Jerry's fridge.)
JERRY: I sense something is afoot.
(Kramer closes the fridge and brushes hands together 3 times, done with his task)
KRAMER: Yeah, I bought a chicken.
(Jerry is about to reply, but George interrupts.)
GEORGE: Allow me. Why?
KRAMER: Cage-free, farm-fresh eggs.
(George is about to reply, but Jerry interrupts.)
JERRY: Allow me. What are you, an idiot?
KRAMER: No (throws hand in the air and turns and looks back at Jerry)
[Elaine's apartment at night. Elaine is about to pay a delivery guy for some food.]
KURT: Hold it, hold it, hold it, here, I got it. Catch. (Tosses his wallet to Elaine, she pays the delivery guy.)
ELAINE: Hm. (looking at Kurt's driver's license photo) Hey, driver's license. Oh...my God.
KURT: What?
ELAINE: Your hair. It's so thick and lustrous. I mean, it...it was.
KURT: Well, it still is. I shave my head for my swim team. I just liked the way it looked, so I kept it.
ELAINE: Are you saying that I could be dating this hair? I mean wi..with you under it? (Kurt shrugs.)
[Jerry in bed at the crack of dawn. We hear a rooster crowing.]
JERRY: (sits up in bed) Oh what...
( Jerry gets up and knocks on Kramer's door - he is bleary-eyed. Quiet clucking can be heard through the door. Kramer answers the door with a rooster under his arm. )
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Is that your "chicken" making all that noise?
KRAMER: Oh, Jerry loves the morning.
JERRY: Who?
KRAMER: Little Jerry Seinfeld. I named my chicken after you.
JERRY: Thanks, that's very sweet, but that is not, a chicken.
KRAMER: Of course it is. I picked it out myself.
JERRY: Well, you picked out a rooster.
KRAMER: Well, that would explain Little Jerry's poor egg production.
(Jerry nods and shuffles back to his place. Kramer turns Little Jerry upside down to see if he's actually a rooster or not...The rooster quietly clucks a bit more)
[George visiting Celia at the prison. They sit together at a table outside.]
CELIA: This was fun.
GEORGE: Yeah. I had a great time.
GUARD: Five minutes, Mr. Costanza.
GEORGE: The whole hour just flew by. (laughs - hehe) (Begins cleaning up the table.)
GUARD: I'll get that.
GEORGE: Oh, thanks, Bobby. (To Celia) Well, I guess I'll see you in four days.
CELIA: Yeah. Go out and have a ball with the guys. I'll be waiting right here for you.
GEORGE: Of course you will. (quick chuckle). You're the best. (with a light fist motion across her chin)
CELIA: Hmm
[Jerry's apartment, the same day. The phone rings.]
JERRY: Hello?
HELEN (in Florida with Morty): Jerry? Leo told us he saw your bounced check. Are you having money problems?
JERRY: I'm not having money problems.
HELEN: Enough with the comedy! You're very clever, you should look into advertising.
MORTY: He never even called Ed Roydlick. They were looking for someone!
JERRY: I'm not calling Ed Roydlick. I'm doing fine!
(George enters.)
HELEN: That's it. I'm gonna to send you fifty dollars.
JERRY: You are NOT sending me fifty dollars!
HELEN: We're sending you fifty dollars! Morty, get me an envelope.
JERRY (angrily): I swear to God, if you send me fifty dollars, you are gonna be so sorry!
MORTY: I don't see envelopes!
HELEN: They're right in front of you! Oh, for heaven's sakes... (She puts the phone down on the couch and goes to help Morty.) Show you...
JERRY: Ma! Ma! MAAA! (Hangs up the phone in disgust.) Oh, ahhhh (sighs quietly)
GEORGE: How're the folks?
JERRY: Good.
GEORGE: So? Movie tonight?
JERRY: I thought you were going out with Celia?
GEORGE: I did. I'm back. I love this relationship, I feel so liberated!
JERRY: Having her in jail.
GEORGE: The only thing that bothers me is that I'm just coming up with this now.
JERRY: Yeah, dating a convicted felon. I don't know how you missed it.
(Elaine enters.)
ELAINE: Here. (Shows Kurt's driver's license to Jerry.) Take a look at that.
JERRY: Huh. Kurt's an organ donor.
ELAINE: No! He's not bald. Look! He's got a full head of hair.
(George overhears and stands up, concerned.)
JERRY: So he just shaves his head for no reason?
GEORGE: That's like using a wheelchair for the fun of it!
ELAINE: And he's growing it in just for me. (Happily) It's mine. It's all mine. (clutches the photo between her hands and to her chest then looks at it again)
JERRY: It's just hair.
ELAINE: It's not just hair! Look!
(Shows Kurt's license to Jerry again.)
JERRY: It's brown.
ELAINE: It's chestnut with auburn highlights!
JERRY: So?
ELAINE: You're not around women. You don't know how important a man's hair is.
(They both look at George, who is reading a newspaper and struggling to keep his composure.)
ELAINE: I'm sorry, George, but it's true.
GEORGE (close to tears): I knew it.
[Kramer walking Little Jerry Seinfeld down the street on a leash. The rooster is clucking. He goes into Marcelino's]
MARCELINO: Hey, Kramer.
KRAMER: Yeah (quietly)
MARCELINO: Nice rooster.
KRAMER: Yeah (again quietly)
MARCELINO: What's his name?
KRAMER: Ah, well, this is Little Jerry Seinfeld.
MARCELINO: Little Jerry Seinfeld. Does he bounce checks? (laughs)
KRAMER: Look, can't you take Jerry's check down?
MARCELINO: Sorry Kramer, can't help you.
(A guy walks into the bodega with his little dog. The dog (barks - ruff ruff) and Little Jerry get into a tussle (the dog cries) and Little Jerry sends the dog packin.')
KRAMER: Hey, hey Jerry, come on. Sorry.
MARCELINO (impressed): I like the way he handles himself.
KRAMER: Oh yeah (quietly)
(Kramer picks Little Jerry up. He's upside down. Kramer realizes it and turns him around the right way -- petting Little Jerry as he clucks and flaps his wings)
[Elaine checking out Kurt's head at her apartment.]
ELAINE: Ohhh, it's coming in already!
KURT: Yeah (quietly)
ELAINE: Wow, you have some very nice little seedlings here. Huh...
KURT: What?
ELAINE: Well, it doesn't seem to be coming in so good over here. Or here.
KURT: What do you mean? (Goes into the bedroom to look in the mirror.)
ELAINE: Well, I don't know... h- how long have you been shaving your head for?
KURT (from the bedroom): About three years.
ELAINE: Huh.
KURT: Oh my God! (Steps into the doorway) I'm going bald!
[George and Celia in the prison library.]
CELIA: George! I'm so glad to see you!
GEORGE: Hey, I brought you some cigarettes. You buy yourself something nice.
CELIA: Good news - I'm up for parole.
GEORGE: Parole! (Feigning joy) That's dynamite!
[Kramer and Jerry in Jerry's apartment.]
JERRY: So Marcelino's going to take down the check?
KRAMER: Yeah, Well, it comes down if Little Jerry Seinfeld wins the cockfight.
JERRY: Great! (realizing) What?
KRAMER: Well, Marcelino, he has cockfights in the back of his store.
JERRY: Ah ha...
KRAMER: Yeah, so he says if Little Jerry Seinfeld wins, the check comes down.
JERRY: Kramer, cockfighting is illegal.
KRAMER: Only in The United States.
JERRY: It's inhumane!
KRAMER: No, Jerry, it's not what you think it is.
JERRY: It's two roosters peckin' at each other!
KRAMER: What?
JERRY: Yeah!
KRAMER: Well, I thought they wore gloves and helmets, you know, like "American Gladiators."
JERRY: No Kramer, Little Jerry could get hurt.
KRAMER: Yeah, well, I left him with Marcelino!
(Jerry shrugs and holds his hands out.)
KRAMER: My Little Jerry! (Runs out.)
JERRY: Hey, did you get Little Jerry, is he O.K.?
KRAMER: Oh well, he's more than O.K., he won!
JERRY: You let him fight?
KRAMER: Yeah, well I couldn't get there in time to stop it, but you should have seen Little Jerry, Jerry! Flappin' his wings and struttin' his stuff! He was peckin' and weavin' and bobbin' and talkin' trash! He didn't even have to touch him! The other rooster ran out of the ring. The whole fight lasted two seconds.
JERRY: How long do they usually last?
KRAMER: Five seconds. And Marcelino says he's taking your check down today.
JERRY: Great!
(George walks in.)
KRAMER: Hey.
GEORGE: Celia's up for parole.
KRAMER: Hey, Little Jerry won his cockfight.
GEORGE: What?
KRAMER: Who?
(They both look at Jerry.)
JERRY: I'm too tired.
KRAMER (to Jerry): O.K., listen, I want you to come by later, alright? 'Cause we're having a victory party for Little Jerry.
JERRY: O.K. (Kramer leaves.)
GEORGE (sadly): It's over, Jerry. She's gettin' out.
JERRY: Ah, I'm so sorry.
GEORGE: She's been locked up for two years. She's gonna want to make up for lost time. Dinners. Movies. (Rubs his forehead.) Talking...
JERRY: In other words, a normal relationship.
GEORGE: Heh, haa. And that's no good. I've tried it straight, Jerry. We've all seen the results. For me, sick is the only way to go.
JERRY: Well, she'll still be an ex-con.
GEORGE: It's not the same.
JERRY: Hey, if you two are meant to be together...I'm sure the cops'll pick her up on something.
[Elaine meets a bummed-out Kurt at the coffee shop.]
ELAINE: Kurt? What's with the sweats? Aren't we going out?
KURT: I don't care.
ELAINE: You, uh...got a big stain on your shirt.
KURT: Oh yeah...meatball...fell out of my sandwich.
ELAINE: You already ate?
KURT: It's from yesterday.
[Jerry and Marcelino at the bodega.]
MARCELINO: Jerry! You missed a hell of a cockfight last night.
JERRY: Then what is my check still doing up? We had a deal!
MARCELINO: Now we have a new deal.
JERRY: New deal?
MARCELINO: When Little Jerry Seinfeld is mine, the check will be yours.
JERRY: This is Outrageous! (To Marcelino) Pack of Juicy Fruit.
MARCELINO (tosses the gum on the counter): 85 cents.
JERRY: 85 cents? That is Outrageous!
[Jerry and Kramer in Jerry's apartment.]
JERRY: Kramer, Marcelino wants us to sell him Little Jerry Seinfeld.
KRAMER: Well, that's out of the question.
JERRY: But Kramer, cockfighting is an illegal and immoral activity.
KRAMER: Yeah, if you got a loser. But Little Jerry was born to cockfight!
JERRY: No, no more cockfighting. Let's just sell him to Marcelino the cockfighter and be done with it!
KRAMER: You know, I think you're jealous.
JERRY: Of what?
KRAMER (points at Jerry like he's found him out): Yah, yah! You see in Little Jerry Seinfeld the unlimited future you once had. Now, just because Jerry Seinfeld is a has-been, don't make Little Jerry Seinfeld a never-was!
JERRY: Kramer, give me that rooster!
KRAMER: Never! You hate him because he's doing more with your name than you ever will! Yah-yah! (Kramer leaves.)
[George in Betsy's office at the prison.]
BETSY: George, Celia has listed you as a character reference. Whatever you can tell us would certainly be helpful in, her getting paroled.
GEORGE: Well, anything I can do to help, um...she's a wonderful girl. Very smart. Very eh...crafty.
BETSY: Does she have any plans after she's released?
GEORGE: Plans. Schemes. She ah, she keeps talking about getting back together with her old friends, you know - "the gang," as she likes to call them (chuckles), you know. Yeah, they're eh, they're hatching something, you can count on that.
[Marcelino at Jerry's apartment door.]
MARCELINO: Jerry! Tomorrow night's fight-night. Where's my rooster?
JERRY: Kramer won't sell.
MARCELINO: Well, tell you what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna take down your check anyway.
JERRY: Oh well, thank you, Marcelino.
MARCELINO: Well, perhaps someday you will do me a favor. And that day is today. Little Jerry Seinfeld must go down in the third round of tomorrow's main event.
JERRY: You want Little Jerry to take a dive?
MARCELINO: Shhh, not so loud.
JERRY: First of all, I don't think you can make a rooster take a dive.
MARCELINO: Can, too!
JERRY: Second of all, Jerry Seinfeld - big or little - doesn't go down for anyone, anywhere, at anytime! Now I'd appreciate it if you please leave.
MARCELINO (leaving): Big Jerry is making a big mistake, Jerry.
JERRY: We'll see about that. (Runs to the window and shouts up to Kramer, who's on the roof.) Kramer, I'm comin' up! We got a cockfight to win!
KRAMER: O.K.!
[Kurt at George's apartment.]
KURT: Elaine said you would be the best person I could talk to.
GEORGE (examining Kurt's head with a lamp): Yep. Classic horseshoe pattern. I've seen a lot of this.
KURT: Oh, God.
GEORGE: No, no, Kurt - wrong attitude. You should be happy now.
KURT: Happy? Why should I be happy?
GEORGE: You've still got pretty good coverage. Once the enemy advances beyond this perimeter - (points at Kurt's head with a pen) - then you won't be Kurt anymore.
KURT: Who will I be?
(George points at himself. Kurt shudders.)
KURT: How long do I have?
GEORGE (solemnly): 14 months. Maybe 10.
KURT: Is there anything I can do?
GEORGE: Yes. Live, dammit. Live! Every precious moment as if this was the last year of your life. Because in many ways...it is. (There's a knock at the door.) Excuse me.
(George answers the door. Celia enters.)
GEORGE: Celia? W-w-what are you doing here?
CELIA: Well, I didn't get my parole, so I busted out.
GEORGE (nervously): And-and you just decided to pop in...!
[Kurt shows up at Elaine's apartment.]
ELAINE: Kurt!
KURT: Elaine...(holds out a wedding ring) Will you marry me?
(Elaine is shocked.)
[Jerry and Kramer in Jerry's kitchen, training Little Jerry for his cockfight.]
KRAMER: Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Boy he's lookin' good, huh Jerry?
JERRY: Yeah. Alright, I think that's enough for today. (Kramer picks up Little Jerry and takes him to the sink.) Little Jerry is lean, mean, peckin' machine! (Kramer starts filling a pot with water.) What are you doing with that?
KRAMER: I'm just gonna heat this up. Make a little hot-tub for Little Jerry.
JERRY: Hey, Kramer...?
(Kramer looks at Jerry.)
JERRY: Be careful.
(George enters.)
GEORGE: Hey.
JERRY: Hey, guess what! Little Jerry ran from here to Newman's in under thirty seconds!
GEORGE: Is that good?
JERRY: I don't know. Where have you been?
GEORGE: Celia broke out of prison. I'm sitting in my home, she shows up at the door!
JERRY: Oh my God! "The break-out/pop-in!"
GEORGE: Yeah. Hey Jerry, listen to this. I discovered something even better than conjugal visit sex. Fugitive sex! Now, it's like everytime -
JERRY (interrupts): George, this is a little too much for me - escaped convicts, fugitive sex...I got a cockfight to focus on. (Jerry leaves.)
[Cut back to Elaine and Kurt at Elaine's apartment.]
ELAINE: Hey hey Kurt, slow down! I can't just marry you, whim-bam-boom! I mean, I need some "fiance-time," I need some "make-my-girlfriends-jealous" time...
KURT: Plus, you want to get to know me.
ELAINE: Yeah, yeah, that too.
KURT: Well, how much time?
ELAINE: (sighs Wa-ah) I don't know...a year?
KURT: No, no, no...it has to be now.
ELAINE: (sighs ahh) Could I see the ring again?
[Jerry, George, Elaine and Kramer at the cockfight in back of Marcelino's store.]
JERRY (to Elaine): So, you're actually considering it?
ELAINE: Well, it'll be a couple of years before he's completely bald. Those'll be good times.
JERRY: Marriage is a big step, Elaine. Your life'll totally change.
ELAINE: Jerry, it's three-thirty in the morning. I'm at a cockfight. What am I clinging to?
(George comes over.)
GEORGE: Oh, hey, sorry I'm late.
JERRY: Hey.
GEORGE: Sorry I'm late.
JERRY: Where's Celia?
GEORGE: She didn't want to come, she-she's not really into sports.
JERRY: hmm. (nodding head)
(Kramer comes over with Little Jerry.)
JERRY: Hey, how's he doin'?
KRAMER: Ohh, He's got a big sweat going. (Takes an envelope out of his pocket.) Oh, this came for you express-mail. It's from your parents.
JERRY (opens the envelope): Fifty dollars. I Don't Believe This!
KRAMER: There's Marcelino. (Marcelino enters the ring holding a huge white rooster.)
JERRY: Look at the size of his bird!
KRAMER: That looks like a dog with a glove on his head.
[Kurt at George's door. Celia answers.]
KURT: Hi, is George back from the cockfight yet? You know, I gotta thank him, he changed my life.
CELIA: No, it must have been a good fight, he's not back yet.
KURT: Ah, damn.
(Two detectives show up at the door behind Kurt.)
DETECTIVE #1 (to Kurt): Sorry to bother you, Mr. Costanza. Well, well, well. Look who's here.
CELIA: Aw, man!
DETECTIVE #2 (to Kurt): Mr. Costanza, you're under arrest for aiding and abetting a known fugitive.
KURT (laughs): I'm not George Costanza.
DETECTIVE #2: Save it. We know you're bald. We know it's you. Let's go! (They escort Kurt and Celia out.)
[Cut back to the cockfight.]
ELAINE (to a woman at the fight): Muchos gracias. (Turns back to Jerry and Kramer.) O.K., I got the whole scoop. Marcelino flew the bird in from Ecuador. He's 68 and 0!
JERRY: He's a ringer!
GEORGE: Where's the tamale guy?
(The bell rings, and the cockfight begins. Dramatic music. The white rooster is dropped into the ring.)
KRAMER: Little Jerry's going to get his clock cleaned. I gotta get him outta there.
(A man at the edge of the ring drops Little Jerry in. Everything now happens in slow-motion.)
KRAMER (lunging for Little Jerry): Lit _ tle Jer _ ry!
JERRY: Kra _ mer!
ELAINE: Stop _ the _ fight!
GEORGE (holds up one finger): Ta _ mal _ e!
(Kramer lands in the ring and grabs ahold of Little Jerry. Marcelino's rooster closes in. We see Jerry, George and Elaine with shocked expressions on their faces, then hear pecking sounds and Kramer yelping and screaming from inside the ring.)
KRAMER: Ahhh, uh, uh, uh, ohuh, aaaa ouh au au au ah ah (more pecking) ah, ah, ah, Ah.
(Elaine put he hands over her eyes and face as she turns into Jerry, who is grimacing. George looks on at the spectacle in the ring, from behind Jerry and Elaine.)
[Elaine talking to Kurt in jail on a phone through the glass.]
ELAINE: Why? Why did you get into a fist fight with the cop? You were innocent!
KURT: They thought I was George. I'm not that bald. And I have too little time left to take that kind of crap, so I, slugged him.
ELAINE: So, how long are you gonna be in here for?
KURT: Well, my lawyer says 14 months, but with good behavior, maybe...10?
ELAINE: (sighs) So 10 to 14 months.
KURT: Yeah.
(Elaine hangs up the phone, takes Kurt's ring off her finger, drops it in the tray, pushes the tray close button and leaves. Kurt holds up the ring watching her, and looks with a subdued expression.)
[Kramer's Apartment]
(Kramer and Emily are in bed, having just finished their lovemaking. They're both looking very satisfied and smiling.(
KRAMER: Well, that was alright, huh?
EMILY: Yeah.
KRAMER: Well, um, goodnight.
EMILY: Goodnight.
(Kramer rolls over to go to sleep. The bedside clock reads 12:30. Emily snuggles up to him and puts an arm around him. Kramer doesn't look comfortable with this.)
[Kramer's Apartment, Later]
(The clock reads 3:31. Kramer is lying on his back, sleeping. Beside him, Emily lies face-down, sleeping, with her arms flung out wide. One hand is on the pillow above Kramer's head, then it moves and Emily's forearm runs across Kramer's face, waking him. Kramer looks disgruntled at being awakened.)
KRAMER: (quietly, to himself) Look at this.
(He picks up Emily's hand and moves it back to the pillow behind his head, only for the same thing to happen again. Emily's hand moves across his face. Kramer looks unhappy at the disturbance.)
[Kramer's Apartment, Later Still]
(The clock reads 5:11. A wide awake Kramer is right over to the edge of the bed, with Emily cuddled up to him, sleeping happily. Kramer tries to carefully move, so as to not wake Emily, but as he shifts his weight, he slips off the end of the mattress and falls to the floor. Emily rolls into the space vacated, continuing to sleep.)
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Jerry and his parents enter, carrying a selection of luggage.)
HELEN: Jerry, we can only stay four days.
JERRY: Well, I'm upset, but we'll make the most of it.
(Morty and Helen remove their coats.)
MORTY: Helen, did you pack my travel gym?
HELEN: Yes. (to Jerry) Oh, your father bought a exercise device off the television. He does it every morning at four.
MORTY: Only twenty-five minutes a day, and you can attach it to any doorknob.
JERRY: Huh. So, I guess your travel miles are about to expire.
(Jerry carries two cases through into the bedroom as his parents sit on the couch.)
HELEN: Well, actually, Jerry, we wanted to talk to you about something.
(Jerry reenters.)
JERRY: Am I finally getting a baby brother?
HELEN: Jerry, be serious.
MORTY: How would you feel if we sold the Cadillac?
JERRY: What? The Cadillac I bought for you?
MORTY: It's too much car, Jerry.
JERRY: Aw, c'mon, you love that car. What about the Northstar system?
MORTY: I don't think we even use it.
JERRY: Well, it's a gift and I want you to keep it.
HELEN: We already sold it.
JERRY: Wh..why didn't you tell me before you sold it?
MORTY: Because we had a buyer, and we couldn't get a free flight until now.
HELEN: Well, we could, but we wanted the bulkhead.
JERRY: (exasperated) Ugh.
(Jerry turns away towards the kitchen as Kramer enters.)
KRAMER: (to Jerry) Man, that Emily is wearing me out.
JERRY: Kramer.
KRAMER: No, no, no. It's not the sex, Jerry. (noticing Morty and Helen) Heyy! Seinfelds.
HELEN: Hi Kramer.
MORTY: Hiya Kramer.
JERRY: We're in the middle of a discussion here.
KRAMER: Oh yeah? What about?
HELEN: Jerry's upset we sold the Cadillac.
KRAMER: What'd you get for it?
MORTY: Jack Klompus gave us six grand.
(Kramer whistles, impressed)
JERRY: You sold my Cadillac to Jack Klompus?
(Morty rises from the couch, taking a cheque out of his pocket.)
MORTY: (trying to press the cheque on Jerry) And we want you to have the money.
JERRY: (getting worked up) I don't need the money.
MORTY: What're you talking about? You had a cheque bounce at the bodega.
JERRY: (animated) Oh, is that what this is all about?! I bounce a cheque and you sold a Cadillac?!
HELEN: Well, also, Jerry, we read an article in the Sun Sentinel. (digs in her purse and extracts a newspaper clipping) It says standup comedy is not what it used to be, what with def jam and all.
(Helen passes the clipping to Jerry.)
KRAMER: Yeah, that def jam is a force.
HELEN: Jerry, you know, I hear wonderful things about Bloomingdales' executive training program.
JERRY: (sits on the back of the couch) Oh my god.
KRAMER: Y'know you've given this comedy thing your best shot. Yeah, you had some good observations, but it's over. Now, this Bloomingdale thing, that could be the next wave.
(Jerry lets out an exasperated groan, as Helen rubs his back.)
[Fresh Roasted Coffee Store]
(Jerry and Elaine have cups of coffee, George is ordering his beans from the guy behind the counter.)
GEORGE: Uh, excuse me. Uh, pound of Arabian mocha java, please.
(The counterperson nods to George, and moves to fill the order.)
ELAINE: So, you understand how my Peterman stock options are gonna work?
GEORGE: I'm going to the bathroom.
(George leaves.)
ELAINE: Just, very interesting.
JERRY: Yeah, when it's your money, it's fascinating.
(The guy behind the counter brings a bag of coffee over.)
COUNTERPERSON: Arabian mocha java?
ELAINE: (looks for George) Mmm. (can't see him) Oh, um, I got it.
(Elaine takes the bag and pays for it.)
JERRY: That Arabian is strong coffee.
ELAINE: It's PLO blend.
(George rejoins the gang.)
ELAINE: Ohh, I got your coffee.
(Elaine proffers the bag to George. He takes it and reaches for his pocket.)
GEORGE: Oh Oh, here, lemme uh...
ELAINE: (waving away) Nah, nah, it's on me. (looks at her watch) Aww, man. Okay, listen guys, I'm gonna be late. (taking her cup of coffee) I'll see you, okay? (begins to walk away)
GEORGE: Yeah.
ELAINE: Bye.
GEORGE: Mmm.
(Elaine leaves. Jerry moves to wander out of the store also, when George stops him.)
GEORGE: You see what just happened here?
JERRY: What?
GEORGE: She treated me to the Arabian mocha java.
JERRY: And you misinterpret this how?
GEORGE: She's stickin' it to me that she makes more money than me.
JERRY: I'm sure she was just being nice, buying you the coffee.
GEORGE: No, not nice. She's stickin' it to me.
JERRY: You're crazy.
GEORGE: (worked up) Stickin' it to me, Jerry.
JERRY: George.
GEORGE: (angry) Stickin' it!
(George walks off, pulling an angry face.)
[Monk's]
(Jerry and George sit in a booth.)
GEORGE: So you're buying the car back for your parents?
JERRY: I'm flying down to Florida tomorrow.
GEORGE: Your parents'll never let you do it.
JERRY: They lied to me about selling the car. I'll lie to them about buying it back. They think they can dump six grand on me? Think again.
GEORGE: What kind of money you think your parents have?
JERRY: Excuse me?
GEORGE: I bet they have more money than mine.
JERRY: Come on, your parents have money.
GEORGE: You think?
JERRY: When did they ever spend any money?
GEORGE: Never.
JERRY: What are their living expenses?
GEORGE: Nothing.
JERRY: Where do they ever go on vacation?
GEORGE: Nowhere.
(Jerry gives a little 'you do the math' shrug to George.)
GEORGE: How much money d'you think they have?
JERRY: Few hundred grand?
GEORGE: (excited) You're saying I stand to inherit three hundred thousand dollars, is that what you're saying?!
JERRY: Course you may not see it for twenty years.
GEORGE: Twenty years? That long?
JERRY: Does your father still eat bacon and eggs every day?
GEORGE: Fortunately, yes.
JERRY: How's your family history?
GEORGE: I have an aunt that died at seven.
JERRY: Really?
GEORGE: Aunt Baby.
[Elaine's Office]
(Elaine sits behind her desk, in the big fancy office she gets standing in for Peterman as president. Kramer enters.)
KRAMER: Elaine. Uh, you got a moment?
ELAINE: Yeah, Kramer, come on in.
KRAMER: I, uh, need to speak to you about some lady problems.
(Kramer sits in front of Elaine's desk.)
ELAINE: (unsure) Oh-kay.
KRAMER: (a little anxious) You know, after I have sex with Emily, uh, I don't want her in the bed any more.
ELAINE: Ah.
KRAMER: Yeah, because she's throwing off my whole sleep. She's got the jimmy legs.
ELAINE: (confused) Jimmy legs?
(Kramer raises one leg and judders it in the air, as illustration.)
KRAMER: Jimmy leg.
ELAINE: (grasping the concept) Ohh.
KRAMER: So, uh, well, maybe I should just be honest with her, huh?
ELAINE: Tell her after sex, you just want her outta there?
KRAMER: Well, I'd say it nicely.
ELAINE: I don't think so.
KRAMER: Well, you know, I really like this girl and I, you know, I think if I could just work out this one thing...
ELAINE: (interrupting) Yeah. I gotta be honest with you Kramer. You might be more than just a coupla tweaks away from a healthy relationship.
KRAMER: Well you're not exactly zeroing in yourself, lady.
ELAINE: (pointing to the door, angry) Alright, get out.
(Kramer starts to move, and thumps his knee on the underside of the desk. He rises and begins to head for the door.)
ELAINE: (impatient) Get out!
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Morty and Helen sit on the couch, watching TV and doing a crossword, respectively. Jerry enters from the bedroom, carrying a suitcase.)
JERRY: So listen, I gotta go down to Atlantic City. I'm performing at Bally's.
MORTY: You just heard about this today?
JERRY: (pulling on a jacket) They had a cancellation and they instantly called me.
HELEN: Who cancelled?
JERRY: Carrot Top. I told you, my career's fine.
[The Costanza Home, Queens]
(George and his parents are seated at the table in the kitchen, eating a meal of spaghetti.)
GEORGE: I been, uh, thinking about the family. Tell me, uh, about Aunt Baby.
FRANK: (looks up to heaven) She's deceased.
GEORGE: (glances upwards) Yeah. Uhm, why did she die so young?
FRANK: (looks to Estelle) She had problems. (Estelle nods) Internal.
GEORGE: Is that common in our family?
ESTELLE: Well, your uncle Moe, he died a young man.
FRANK: Also internal problems.
ESTELLE: It's that temper on your side. They're yelling and yelling, and then one day, they're all gone.
FRANK: What about your side? Your cousin Hennie. (animated) She was sickly from the moment I met her!
ESTELLE: (shouts) Don't you talk about Hennie!
GEORGE: I guess you two are the lucky ones.
FRANK: So far.
ESTELLE: Frank, if Aunt Baby were alive today, how old would she be?
FRANK: She'd never make it.
(George thinks a little and looks hopeful.)
[Monk's]
(Kramer and Emily sit at a table. Emily looks a little angry.)
EMILY: So let me get this straight. You enjoy the lovemaking...
KRAMER: Shh, shh.
EMILY: (quieter) Well, do you?
KRAMER: Oh yeah, like strawberry pie.
EMILY: Okay, but you have a problem sharing a bed with me?
KRAMER: I know it's not what the ladies like. But without some solid sack time, I'm a zombie.
EMILY: I don't know.
KRAMER: (pleading) Aww, c'mon, man. Meet me halfway.
EMILY: You're not easy, Kramer.
KRAMER: I know.
[Animation]
(On a map of the East Coast of the US, a long red arrow appears from New York to Del Boca Vista.)
[Klompus Home, Del Boca Vista]
(Jerry sits on a chair as Jack, standing, speaks.)
JACK: So, to what do I owe the pleasure of this, unannounced, visit?
JERRY: I wanna buy back the Cadillac.
JACK: You wanna buy it back? Why, you go drugs hidden in the trunk?
(Jack chuckles at his own joke. Jerry stares back at him, unamused.)
JACK: I'm kidding.
JERRY: (reaching into his pocket) Alright, I'll give you nine thousand for it.
(Jerry puts is chequebook on the table)
JACK: Nine thousand for a Cadillac? It's got no miles on it.
JERRY: You bought it for six!
JACK: You're not me.
JERRY: (standing) How much d'you want for it?
JACK: The Kelly blue book value. Twenty-two thousand dollars.
(Jerry pulls a 'you have to be kidding' face.)
JERRY: Fourteen thousand.
JACK: Done. But, I get to drive it tomorrow, because Doris wants to go to Naples.
(Jerry starts to write the cheque, but his pen is obviously not working properly. Jack pulls out his own pen (the astronaut pen from 'The Pen') and offers it to Jerry.)
JACK: Need a pen?
(Jerry scribbles with his pen, to try and encourage it, but to no avail. He looks to Jack, who's holding out his pen.)
JACK: Still works.
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Morty and Helen are by the counter, as Kramer comes in.)
KRAMER: Hey, where's Jerry?
HELEN: He's performing at Bally's in Atlantic City.
KRAMER: Aw, okay. (picks up the phone and starts dialling) Yeah, I need his shoeshine kit. (still dialling) He always hides it from me. (puts the phone to his ear and waits for a second or two) Yeah, Bally's? Yeah, Jerry Seinfeld's room, please.
MORTY: You know that number?
KRAMER: I used to have a problem. (into phone) Well, what d'you mean, he's not registered? Wha..S, E, I, N, V...
HELEN: F. F, E, L , D.
KRAMER: ...F, E, L, D. (half-laughing) Well, I think you're wrong. (listens) Alright, you have a lucky day, too.
(Kramer rings off.)
HELEN: He's not there?
KRAMER: No, they never heard of him.
(Kramer puts down the phone, and walks off to look for the shoeshine kit. Morty and Helen exchange worried looks.)
[Restaurant]
(George, Elaine and Jerry's parents sit at a table in a fancy restaurant.)
ELAINE: This is so nice of you to take us all out to dinner, George.
GEORGE: (oozing fake sincerity) Well, as much as I enjoy all the good-natured ribbing, nothing really makes me happier than spending money on the people I care about.
HELEN: Where's Jerry?
GEORGE: Oh, he'll be here. By the way, Elaine, (reaches under the table and brings out a large coffee machine) thank you for laying out for the Arabian mocha java.
(George puts the gift in front of Elaine.)
ELAINE: George, you didn't have to do this. I'm president of a big company. I can afford to buy you coffee.
MORTY: (surprised) President?
ELAINE: Yeah.
(Jerry enters, with his bag over his shoulder.)
GEORGE: Hey look, he's back.
JERRY: I got your message, (sitting) so I came straight from Atlantic City.
HELEN: Jerry, Kramer called Bally's. You weren't registered.
JERRY: (extemporising) Well, I can't stay under my own name. I was registered under Slappy White.
(Helen looks unconvinced. A spiffily-dressed Frank and Estelle enter the restaurant and are spotted by George.)
GEORGE: Mom? Dad?
ESTELLE: Well, look who's here. Hello, Seinfelds.
(Morty half-nods a greeting.)
GEORGE: Wh..what're you doing here?
FRANK: We're having an upscale dinner.
GEORGE: What?
ESTELLE: Well, after talking to you, we realised we may not have much time left.
FRANK: So, we're blowing it all.
(George looks unhappy at this news.)
FRANK: (holding out his tie) Look George, it's a Pierre Cardin.
[Emily's Apartment]
(Once again, Kramer and Emily are basking in the afterglow.)
KRAMER: That was alright.
EMILY: Yeah.
(They both lie still for a few seconds.)
KRAMER: (abruptly) Well, I'll see you.
(Kramer climbs quickly out of the bed to leave.)
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Morty, dressed in exercise gear, emerges from the bedroom. He is carrying the travel gym. He creeps across the room, so as not to wake Jerry, who is asleep on the couch, quietly opens the door and slips outside.)
[Kramer's Apartment/Hallway]
(Kramer is asleep in his bed, when something wakes him. He can hear a thumping and a rattling sound. Kramer turns over and looks across at his door, to see the handle turning, as if someone outside were trying to open it. A look of horror comes to Kramer's face.)
(Outside in the hallway, Morty has his travel gym attached to Kramer's doorknob. As he pulls on the arrangement of cords and pulleys, they in turn pull at the doorknob.)
(Inside Kramer's apartment, a terrified Kramer pulls the blankets over his head and lies quivering underneath.)
[Jerry's Apartment/Florida]
(Morty and Helen are eating at the table. The phone rings and Jerry answers.)
JERRY: Hello.
(A dishevelled and muddy Jack Klompus is on the other end of the line, using a cellular phone somewhere outdoors in Florida.)
JACK: (shouting like there's a bad line) Jerry, I had a little mishap with the car.
(The front portion of the Cadillac is submerged in a swamp, with the tail end pointed upwards.)
JACK: I'm down here in alligator alley. You better get down here.
(Jerry tries not to give anything away to his parents.)
JERRY: (quiet) Huh. Alright.
(Jerry puts down the phone and moves towards the bedroom.)
HELEN: Who was that?
JERRY: (extemporising) That was the Golden Nugget. Also in Atlantic City. They heard such good things about my show at Bally's, they want me for tonight. So I'll have to repack, and go.
(Jerry leaves to the bedroom. Helen and Morty don't look convinced by Jerry's spiel. They talk quietly so's Jerry can't hear in the next room.)
MORTY: That didn't sound like the Golden Nugget.
HELEN: I'm worried. What happens if we have to support Jerry?
MORTY: I'd have to go back to work.
HELEN: Where would you work?
MORTY: Maybe I should talk to Elaine.
[Elaine's Office]
(Elaine sits behind her desk, interviewing a smartly dressed Morty.)
ELAINE: Well, Mr Seinfeld, I..I'm not sure I understand why you want a job here.
MORTY: What's not to understand?
ELAINE: Well, for one thing, you live in Florida.
MORTY: I'm very comfortable working outta the house. I have a phone, we have a Kinko's nearby. You know, I think that my resume speaks for itself.
ELAINE: (looking around her desk) Where is your resume?
MORTY: I don't have it. I'll mail you one.
ELAINE: Alright, Mr Seinfeld, I... What kind of position did you have in mind?
MORTY: You sell clothes here, don't you?
ELAINE: Yeah.
MORTY: Well, I sold raincoats in the garment centre for thirty-eight years. In nineteen forty-nine...
ELAINE: (interrupting) Alright. Alright, alright. You come in tomorrow, we'll find something for you to do.
MORTY: You won't regret this, Miss Benes. What time should I be in? I get up at four, I could be here as early as four twenty-five.
ELAINE: Uhm...
(Peterman enters the office.)
PETERMAN: (upbeat) Oh, Elaine, this dry air is curing me like a Black Forest ham.
(Peterman strides across the office to another door.)
ELAINE: (stunned) Mr Peterman. You're back.
(Peterman goes through the other door, and closes it behind him. Elaine, stands, her mouth agape in shock.)
MORTY: Who's Mr Fancy?
[Emily's Apartment]
(Kramer and Emily in bed again.)
KRAMER: (hesitant) I uh, I was thinking maybe I should spend the night.
EMILY: Aww, that's sweet, but actually I, I think I'd prefer it if you left.
KRAMER: (surprise) What?
EMILY: You were completely right. I sleep so much better when I'm alone. (pause) And you scream in your sleep.
KRAMER: I do?
(Kramer looks intensely nervous.)
KRAMER: (fearful) There was a man, he was trying to get into my apartment last night. He was jiggling the doorknob for twenty-five minutes.
EMILY: C'mon, it was probably the wind.
KRAMER: No, no, no. It was a fearless cat burglar. (pleading) Now listen, you gotta let me sleep here, huh? Y'know, I'll stay here on my side, and I'll stuff a sock in my mouth. (panicky) 'Cos I don't wanna sleep alone.
EMILY: (adamant) Well, I do.
[Animation]
(Another arrow is drawn from New York to Del Boca Vista.)
[Street, Del Boca Vista]
(A tow truck has hauled the Cadillac out of the swamp and back to Del Boca Vista. It's plastered with mud and filth over its entire length. Jack Klompus stands beside it, still mud-spattered. Jerry climbs out of a cab.)
JACK: What took you so long?
JERRY: I live in New York. (slams the cab door) What the hell happened?
(The cab drives away.)
JACK: This thing is a, is a behemoth.
JERRY: What did you do?
JACK: I was, I was making a, a simple lane change. I, I put on the blinker and it took off on me. And the next thing you know, I was submerged. I'm telling you, Jerry, I'm very lucky that those crocs didn't get me.
(Jerry opens the door of the Cadillac and a torrent of muddy water containing a couple of catfish spills out over his feet.)
JERRY: (exasperation) You are such an idiot. Well, we gotta get the car cleaned up for my parents.
JACK: (shrugging) Do whatever you want. It's your car.
JERRY: My car? You drove it into the swamp!
JACK: It drove itself into the swamp! Besides, I think I lost my pen, too.
JERRY: (smiling with pleasure) You know, that almost makes this all worthwhile.
[The Costanza Home, Queens]
(Frank and Estelle sit in the living room as George walks in from the front door.)
GEORGE: (pointing outside) Why is there a Cadillac parked in front of the house?
FRANK: That's your mother's new car.
GEORGE: You bought that?
FRANK: It's a Coupe de Elegance.
ESTELLE: Your father wanted a Mercedes, but I won't ride in a German car.
(George looks like he's going to say something, but then the door to the kitchen opens and Kramer walks in, wearing a dressing gown and pyjamas and carrying a mug of coffee. He slaps George on the back.)
KRAMER: Mornin'.
(Kramer walks round the stunned George, and sits on the couch.)
KRAMER: Oh, boy.
GEORGE: What the hell is going on here?
KRAMER: I had some trouble at my place, so I need a little company at night to sleep.
ESTELLE: George, your mother and I, and Kramer (holds Kramer's hand) have been talking.
GEORGE: (dread) Oh god.
KRAMER: Uh, George, your parents can't blow through their savings in this community. It's low-rent. Now, we feel that Florida is really the place where they should be.
FRANK: (claps his hands) You can drop a grand in Disneyworld, like that.
GEORGE: Wait a minute. (astonished) You're thinking of moving to Florida again?!
ESTELLE: Well, it's either that or we stay here, near you, and just sit on the money. What do you think we should do, Georgie?
(George looks surprised, confused and thoughtful, all at the same time.)
[Peterman's Office]
(Peterman sits behind his desk in the office which was, until recently, Elaine's. Employees sit around the desk, including Morty and Elaine, who sits depressed at the end of the desk.)
PETERMAN: So, anyway, effective immediately, Miss Benes will return to her old position, at her original salary...
(Elaine does a double take at this, and looks unhappy.)
PETERMAN: ...and I, of course, will return to mine. Kudos, Elaine, on a job... done.
ELAINE: (hardly daring to ask) What about my stock options?
PETERMAN: I think not.
(Elaine puts a hand to her head and sighs.)
PETERMAN: Now, down to business. (thoughtful) I have had this vision of a diaphanous rum-runner scarf.
(The employees take notes.)
ELAINE: Well, we could fly some fabric in from our silk factories, for about a thousand dollars a bolt.
MORTY: (shocked) A thousand?! I know a coupla Chinamen over there on Forty-third Street, who'll do it for half that.
ELAINE: (tactful) It's, ah, Asian-Americans.
MORTY: What?
PETERMAN: (puzzled) Who are you?
ELAINE: Don't worry, I...
MORTY: Morty Seinfeld. I cut velvet for forty years with Harry Altman.
ELAINE: Okay, Mr Seinfeld, this is not the t...
PETERMAN: Elaine, did you hire this man?
ELAINE: (worried) No, no. Well, I mean, you know, he's more like an intern, you know, at best.
[Monk's]
(George and Elaine sit in a booth.)
ELAINE: So, if your parents move to Florida, you're poor.
GEORGE: (pointing out the positive) But happy.
ELAINE: Obviously. And if they stay, you're rich, but...
(Elaine gestures with her hand.)
GEORGE: Obviously.
ELAINE: Quite a dilemma. You know, I have a bit of a dilemma of my own.
GEORGE: No, no. No, no, no. (determined) We're staying on me. We haven't solved anything yet.
ELAINE: Alright, this is easy. Let 'em go.
GEORGE: What d'you mean, let 'em go? They're spending all my money.
ELAINE: Alright, well, then they stay. Lemma ask you something...
GEORGE: (upset) Could you put a little thought into this? Jerry's gone, you could humour me. He humours me.
ELAINE: Speaking of Jerry, his father is driving me so crazy down at Peterman's.
GEORGE: You know what I do at the Yankees, when one of these old guys is breathing down my neck?
ELAINE: What?
GEORGE: You schedule a late meeting.
ELAINE: (puzzlement) Huh? What does that do?
GEORGE: These old guys, they're up at 4 a.m., by two thirty they're wiped. (animated) How did we get back onto you?!
ELAINE: (grabbing her bag and coat) I gotta split.
(Elaine gets up and leaves.)
GEORGE: (shouted after Elaine) You know, I got nothing outta this!
[The Costanza Home, Queens]
(Kramer, wrapped in a quilt enters the Costanza's bedroom. Frank enters from the bathroom, drying his hands with a towel.)
KRAMER: Hey Frank, you got two beds in here.
FRANK: That's right. That's me on the left.
KRAMER: So, you sleep in separate beds.
FRANK: Thirty years ago, we came to an agreement. It was the only way I could get some rest.
KRAMER: (intrigued) Really?
FRANK: (confidential) Estelle's got the (jerks his elbow) jimmy arms.
KRAMER: You can get that in your arms?
FRANK: Like you wouldn't believe.
[Klompus Home, Del Boca Vista]
(A grubby Jerry sits at the table, with Jack hovering over him.)
JACK: Jerry, it's getting late. You've cleaned up the car. You've made all your phone calls. Why are you still here?
JERRY: Well, I uh, maxed out my credit cards, and I don't have enough cash for a hotel room. So...
JACK: You are uh, thinking of staying here?
JERRY: Well...
JACK: (laughing) You've got some nerve. I almost break my neck in that death-trap of yours, and now you ask me for a favour!
JERRY: You didn't like that crack about the pen.
JACK: I did not.
[The Costanza Home, Queens]
(George and his parents sit at the kitchen table, while Kramer does some washing up in the sink.)
GEORGE: Well, I've given this a lot of thought, and I've gotta say...
(George is distracted momentarily by Kramer clattering dishes. He gives Kramer a look and continues.)
GEORGE: (attempting sincerity) As much as I'd like to see the two of you living it up in a warm, tropical, setting, I, I would just miss you too much. (smiling) So, I've decided, I want you to stay.
FRANK: It's too late. We bought a condo at Del Boca Vista. We're leaving tonight.
(Estelle and Frank smile at each other.)
GEORGE: (crestfallen) But you said it was my call.
ESTELLE: We were just being nice.
(George looks crushed.)
ESTELLE: (motherly concern) Cosmo, are you sure you're gonna be alright here alone?
KRAMER: Oh, yeah, yeah. I got Emily coming over tonight.
GEORGE: (animated) You're letting him have a woman over?!
FRANK: He's not family. It's different, psychologically.
(Kramer is examining the label on a wine bottle, as George turns to look at him. He gives George a little smile.)
[Peterman's Office]
(The employees, including Elaine and Morty, sit round Peterman's desk as he waxes lyrical about his adventures. Morty looks impatient, glancing at his watch as Peterman speaks.)
PETERMAN: And so, I made an explosive out of chick peas, and I stopped that great rhino right in his tracks.
MORTY: Well, it's getting kinda late, why don't we uh...
ELAINE: Mr Peterman, that can't have been the only time that you faced mortal danger.
PETERMAN: (smiles and laughs) Ha ha ha. Funny you should ask, Elaine.
MORTY: Look, if we're gonna stay here until all hours of the night, can we at least get some food here?
PETERMAN: (looks at his watch) It's only five fifteen. So, later on that same day, I developed a great hankering for some wild honey...
MORTY: (standing) Okay, I'm done. I'll be back in the morning, when he's close to finish with his story.
(Morty heads for the door. Peterman's voice brings him to a halt.)
PETERMAN: Morty. My stories are what sell these clothes.
MORTY: Cheap fabric, and dim lighting. That's how you move merchandise.
PETERMAN: (winks) Morty, you're out.
MORTY: (unconcerned) Ach, I never knew what the hell I was peddling with those stupid cartoons and that paper book, anyway.
(Morty walks out, leaving a not entirely unhappy Elaine behind.)
[Animation]
(An arrow is drawn on the East Coast map, this time from Queens to Del Boca Vista.)
[Street, Del Boca Vista]
(Frank walks along the sidewalk, past a familiar looking Cadillac. Something catches his eye, and he looks into the car. A figure is asleep on the back seat with his face covered. Frank 'gives a what is the world coming to' look and throws up his hands as he walks away.)
(After he leaves, the figure shifts in his sleep, turning over. It's Jerry, sleeping in his parent's Cadillac.)
[The Costanza Home, Queens]
(Kramer stands in the doorway of the bathroom, while Emily sits on Estelle's bed, reading a paperback.)
KRAMER: I don't know why I let you talk me into that corned beef at Snitzer's.
EMILY: (not looking up from her book) No-one held a gun to your head.
KRAMER: (dismissive) Yeah.
EMILY: (still reading) Don't forget, we're eating dinner at the Feinerman's tomorrow night.
KRAMER: (moody) Oh, why do I have to go? They're your friends.
EMILY: You like 'em.
KRAMER: I've had it with 'em.
(Kramer disappears into the bathroom.)
EMILY: Then we won't go.
(Kramer reemerges with a glass of water.)
KRAMER: (yielding) Okay, okay. What time?
EMILY: Eight thirty.
(Kramer downs the glass of water in one go, and then belches.)
KRAMER: (satisfied) Ahh. That was alright.
(Emily smiles at him, then returns to her book.)
[Monk's]
(Jerry, George and Elaine sit in a booth. Jerry drinking coffee, George eating and Elaine reading from the pages of a newspaper.)
ELAINE: 'One bright note in today's market, was the stock of retailer J Peterman, whose founder's surprise return generated a rise of twelve and a half points.'
(Elaine folds the paper and drops it on the table.)
JERRY: Mmm-mmm-mmm. That means, if you still had those stock options...
ELAINE: (downcast) Yeah.
GEORGE: (Jerry-style) That's a shame.
ELAINE: (sharp) What, are you sticking it to me?
GEORGE: (innocent) What?
ELAINE: I think you're sticking it to me.
JERRY: Elaine, I'm sure George is just being sympathetic.
ELAINE: (leaning forward and accusing) Stickin' it!
(George doesn't meet Elaine's stare.)
JERRY: You're not alone. I'm practically broke.
ELAINE: Really?
JERRY: No. But, I did blow over twenty thousand on that Cadillac.
(George takes another forkful of what's on his plate.)
GEORGE: (relishing) Hmm-hmm-hmm-hmm. Delicious.
JERRY: Well, you seem happy.
GEORGE: I am. The folks are twelve hundred miles away. (gleeful) I'm basking in the buffer zone. (looks for the waitress) 'Nother piece of pie here!
ELAINE: So, were your parents shocked to see the Cadillac?
JERRY: Actually, I haven't heard from 'em yet.
ELAINE: Hmm.
[Florida]
(Morty and Helen sit on a couch, reading magazines.)
MORTY: When are we gonna tell Jerry?
HELEN: I don't wanna worry him. We'll tell him next time we go up.
MORTY: He thought he could buy back that Cadillac for us? He's not getting away with that.
(It's revealed that the Seinfelds are in a trailer parked behind the Cadillac.)
HELEN: Besides, that condo was too much house.
[The Costanza Home, Del Boca Vista]
(Estelle is sitting on the couch in the condo, while Frank peers out of the window.)
ESTELLE: How many times can you check the car?
FRANK: (coming away from the window) I saw a bum sleeping in a Cadillac the other day.
(Frank sits in a chair.)
ESTELLE: Why would someone break into a car to take a nap?
FRANK: They don't nap. They make it their home. They urinate in there!
ESTELLE: (shouts) You're driving me crazy!
FRANK: (standing) That's it, we're going back to Queens. (claps hands) Where's my hat?
(Frank walks out of the room.)
ESTELLE: (shouts) Nooh!
[Yankee Stadium, Conference Room]
(A group of staff, including George, are gathered round the table. There's a bunch of food on the table. Most people have a small plate with a few salad leaves on it in front of them. George is picking shrimp off a platter, dipping them in some sort of sauce, and stuffing his face with them, about as fast as he can manage.)
BILL: Well, if the big man wants a new scoreboard, I don't wanna be the one to tell him no.
REILLY: No-one in the park is gonna be able to see it from there.
GEORGE: (through a mouthful of shrimp) Well, why don't we just put a monitor in his skybox?
REILLY: Hey George, the ocean called. They're running outta shrimp.
(Everyone at the table starts laughing uproariously at Reilly's joke. George looks upset, and barely forces half a sick smile past his mouthful of seafood.)
[George's Car]
(George drives along. He's fuming at Reilly's dig.)
GEORGE: (angry, to himself) The ocean called. Running outta shrimp. Outta shrimp! (a thought occurs) Oh! Yes! That's what I shoulda said! (frustrated shout) Dammit!
[New York Health & Racquet Club]
(George and Jerry come along a corridor. They're carrying bags and paraphernalia indicating they've been playing tennis.)
JERRY: 'The ocean called, They're running outta shrimp'?
GEORGE: Yeah, yeah, yeah. But then, I said to him, 'Oh yeah? Well, the jerk store called, and they're running outta you.'
(Jerry and George halt at a bench by the entrance to the pro shop. Jerry rummages in his bag, producing an old-fashioned wooden framed tennis racquet.)
JERRY: (smiling) Really? That's great. You said that to him?
GEORGE: (confessing) Well, actually, I thought it up on the way over here.
JERRY: Oh. That's not quite the same.
GEORGE: No. No it's not. You don't know this guy. It woulda been so sweet.
JERRY: I'm gonna grab a can of balls.
GEORGE: Right.
(George heads on down the corridor. Jerry walks into the pro shop, carrying his gear. There are a few customers browsing. Milos (East European, tracksuit wearing, slicked back hair with pony tail) comes over to Jerry.)
MILOS: Hello. My name is Milos. How can I help you.
JERRY: I need a can of balls.
(Jerry stands before the counter, holding the old-fashioned racquet. Milos reaches under the counter and pulls out a can of tennis balls.)
MILOS: Can of balls for the nice guy, alri...
(Milos stops and stares disapprovingly at Jerry's racquet.)
MILOS: ...Ahh. You don't plan to hit these balls with that racquet, do you?
(Jerry looks surprised.)
[Champagne Video]
(Inside a typical small video rental store, Elaine stands before a rack marked 'Staff Picks'. Individual shelves are labelled 'Elizabeth', 'Gene', and 'Vincent', amongst others. Elaine is reading the back of a video box, when Kramer comes up behind her.)
KRAMER: Checking out the staff picks, Miss Benes?
ELAINE: Oh. (laughs) Ha-ha. Hey. Yeah, yeah. (indicating shelf) This Vincent guy, he is the best. He and I have the exact same taste in movies.
KRAMER: Oh, Vincent is an art-house goon. I stick to the Gene rack.
ELAINE: Gene? Oh, it's so stupid and mainstream.
KRAMER: (indicates 'Gene' shelf) I've seen all these, so I went with a Kramer pick.
(Kramer holds up a video for Elaine's inspection.)
ELAINE: (reading) 'The Other Side Of Darkness'. Huh, I never heard of that one.
KRAMER: Yeah, went straight to video.
(Elaine looks upon this as a negative.)
KRAMER: (positive) That makes me the premiere.
(Kramer takes his cassette toward the counter.)
ELAINE: (gets Kramer's point) Hah.
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Kramer is talking seriously to Jerry, whilst holding a piece of paper.)
KRAMER: Jerry, have you ever seen the movie The Other Side Of Darkness?
JERRY: No.
KRAMER: It's about this woman, in a coma. Well, I couldn't finish watching it, so I want you to read this.
(Kramer hands the piece of paper to Jerry.)
JERRY: (reading) 'I, Cosmo Kramer, having just seen the movie The Other Side Of Darkness, and not wanting to be in a coma like that lady in the movie, hereby want Jerry Seinfeld to remove my life support, feeding machine, lung-blower, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera.'
KRAMER: Can you do that for me, buddy?
JERRY: Well, I don't if what you have here constitutes a legally binding document.
KRAMER: Well, I'm gonna type it up.
JERRY: Yes, well, of course, but, even so, you may wanna talk to a lawyer.
KRAMER: Yeah, but, Jackie Chiles, he put a restraining order on me. (frustrated) I'm not allowed within two hundred feet of his office. I couldn't even give him his Christmas present.
(Jerry nods sympathetically. Kramer spots something on the table.)
KRAMER: Oh, hey, new racquet, huh?
JERRY: Yeah. (hands racquet to Kramer) I wasn't gonna get it, but this guy Milos, who runs the pro shop, he really recommended it.
(Kramer takes a few practice strokes with the racquet.)
JERRY: In fact, it's the only racquet he plays with.
KRAMER: (picking up Jerry's old racquet) Well, you're not gonna need this any more.
(Kramer deposits the old wooden racquet in Jerry's trash. Jerry notices something about the piece of paper Kramer gave him.)
JERRY: (accusingly) Hey, this is the zee page of my address book.
KRAMER: (explaining) Oh yeah, I put all your zees on the weights and measures page.
(Kramer swings the new racquet again, making ball-smashing sound effects.)
[Elaine's Apartment]
(Elaine sits up in bed, watching her video rental. She dabs a tear from her eye, and sniffs.)
ELAINE: (emotional) Oh. Oh, bravo, Vincent. Bravo. (sniffs)
(The phone rings. Elaine reaches over and picks up, not happy at being interrupted.)
ELAINE: What?
VINCENT (O.C.): Did you enjoy the movie?
ELAINE: Who is it?
VINCENT (O.C.): It's Vincent.
ELAINE: Of Vincent's picks?
VINCENT (O.C.): The same.
(Elaine smiles excitedly.)
[Tennis Club]
(Elaine and Jerry have been playing tennis at a different club from the one we saw earlier. They're packing away their stuff. At another court, behind them, a guy in baseball cap and dark glasses is playing truly awful tennis. He's missing the ball, falling over, flailing wildly with his racquet.)
JERRY: He called you?
ELAINE: He musta got my number off the computer. We ended up talking for, like, two hours.
JERRY: To a guy you've never met? (mild sarcasm) Your screening process is getting ever more rigorous.
(Elaine sticks out her tongue at Jerry.)
ELAINE: Trying to meet him. He's never at the video store. They said he sets his own hours.
(A tennis ball bounces by Elaine, and she grabs it. The terrible player from the other court shouts over.)
PLAYER (O.C.): Little help, hey!
ELAINE: (tossing the ball back) Yeah.
PLAYER: Thank you.
(The ball Elaine tossed back eludes the player's grasp, misses his racquet and bounces away past him.)
ELAINE: (laughing to Jerry) Oh god, that guy's terrible.
JERRY: (pulling on a jacket) Mmm-hmm.
(The terrible player continues to swing ineffectually at easy balls in the background.)
ELAINE: Hey, how come we played at this crummy place instead of your club?
JERRY: George used up all my guest passes already.
ELAINE: Ah.
PLAYER: Ahh.
(A ball bounces past Elaine, and Jerry grabs it.)
JERRY: Come on.
PLAYER: Thank you.
(The awful player comes over to get the ball back. As he approaches, he removes his sunglasses and wipes his brow with his forearm.)
JERRY: (tossing the ball) Here you go.
(The player catches the ball and raises his head, so we can see his face. It's Milos, the guy who sold Jerry his new racquet.)
JERRY: (disbelief) Milos?
MILOS: (shock) Oh, hey. (puts sunglasses back on) How you doing?
Milos looks guilty, and shouts across to his playing partner as he walks away from Jerry.)
MILOS: Okay, we should uh, wrap it up here.
(Milos bounces the ball on the court and tries to hit it over the net. He fails, despite being no more than four feet from the net. Jerry looks down at his new racquet, thoughtfully.)
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Elaine and Jerry have just arrived from the tennis club, and are putting their stuff on the table. Elaine is removing her coat.)
ELAINE: So he was bad. What d'you care?
JERRY: Elaine, I paid two hundred dollars for this racquet, because he said it's the only one he plays with. He could've played just as well with a log.
(The door opens and Kramer enters, smartly dressed, with a suit and tie.)
KRAMER: Hey. Right, I talked to this lawyer guy, Shellbach. Now, he's gonna set me up, but you gotta come with me and be the executor.
ELAINE: The executor? Of what?
JERRY: Kramer wants to die with dignity.
ELAINE: There's a feather in your cap.
KRAMER: I don't wanna be a vegetable, Elaine. I just want out. (snaps fingers)
(The door opens and George wanders in, looking pleased with himself.)
GEORGE: Sometimes in life, the gods smile upon you, my friends.
JERRY: D'you get someone to take that Canadian quarter?
GEORGE: I got another meeting with Reilly. A whole new audience, and I bet I can get him to try that line again.
ELAINE: Who's Reilly?
JERRY: George was scarfing shrimp at this meeting, and this guy says 'Hey, George, the ocean called. They're running outta shrimp.'
(Elaine laughs, loud and long, causing Jerry and Kramer to smile and laugh.)
GEORGE: Listen to the comeback. (pleased) 'Oh yeah? Well the jerk store called. They're running outta you.'
(George smiles and looks expectant. The other three just stare at him, with varying levels of confusion in their expressions.)
GEORGE: (worked up) Wha...You gotta be kidding me?!
ELAINE: How 'bout this one? How 'bout, 'Your cranium called. It's got some space to rent.'?
(Elaine laughs, and Jerry smiles.)
GEORGE: (confused) What does that mean?
JERRY: (taps George's chest) Hey, here you go. 'Hey, Reilly. The zoo called. You're due back by six.'
GEORGE: (frustrated) No. No, no, no. You're not helping me.
KRAMER: Look, just tell him you had sex with his wife. That'll kill him.
GEORGE: (shouting) I'm not looking for another line. I got the line.
KRAMER: Look, George, just think about it. You know, you're married, how would you feel if somebody says to you that they just had se...
GEORGE: (really animated) Alright, alright. You see? This is why I hate writing with a large group. Everybody has their own little opinions, and it all gets homogenised, and you lose the whole edge of it. I'm going with jerk store! Jerk store is the line! Jerk store! Yess!
(George walks out the door. The other three watch him go. Kramer walks over and looks out the door after George, then returns and spots Jerry's old racquet on a stool.)
KRAMER: (picking the racquet up) Did you take this out of the garbage?
JERRY: Yeah, it's still got some spring in the strings.
KRAMER: Oh, Jerry, this is a piece of junk. (drops racquet in the trash) How are you gonna be the executor of my living will?
(Jerry retrieves the racquet from the trash.)
KRAMER: (indicating) You see? You can't let go.
JERRY: Trust me, Kramer. Given the legal opportunity, I will kill you.
KRAMER: I wish I could believe you. Hey, Elaine, do you have some free time tomorrow afternoon?
ELAINE: Me?
KRAMER: Yeah, because you're perfect. You're a calculating, cold-hearted businesswoman. And when there's dirty work to be done, you don't mind stomping on a few throats.
ELAINE: (smiling, flattered) Oh, ho, c'mon.
[Lawyer's Office]
(Kramer and Elaine sit before a desk, behind which sits Shellbach the lawyer, who has a large list in front of him, from which he's reading. Kramer looks nervous, while Elaine is tapping at a soda can, looking bored.)
SHELLBACH: Situation number four. You're breathing on your own, you're conscious, but with no muscular function.
KRAMER: Well, would I be able to communicate?
SHELLBACH: I don't see how.
ELAINE: Ach, I don't like the sound of this one.
KRAMER: Huhh, yeah, let's pull the cord.
ELAINE: Yank it like (pops open soda can) you're starting a mower.
SHELLBACH: Moving on. You have liver, kidneys and gall bladder, but no central nervous system.
(Kramer looks at Elaine, who gives a double thumbs-down.)
KRAMER: Well, I gotta have a central nervous system.
SHELLBACH: Okay. One lung, blind and you're eating through a tube.
KRAMER: Naw, that's not my style.
ELAINE: Bore-ing.
SHELLBACH: Alright, you can eat. But machines do everything else.
KRAMER: (hesitant) Uhm...
(Kramer looks to Elaine, who nods.)
ELAINE: I'd stick.
KRAMER: Yeah, yeah. Stick. (to Elaine) 'Cos I could still go to the coffee shop.
ELAINE: (points to Kramer and smiles in agreement) That's right.
[New York Health & Racquet Club]
(A grim-looking Jerry stalks into the pro shop and over to the counter to be met by a nervous and apologetic Milos.)
JERRY: Hello Milos.
MILOS: Jerry, thank god you got my message. Thank you so much for coming down here. Uhm, listen...
JERRY: (animated) You know, I spent two hundred dollars on a racquet because I thought you knew what you were talking about.
MILOS: I..I...
JERRY: You can't even play.
MILOS: Believe me, it is Milos great shame. But Jerry, I could lose my business if anybody find out. How would you like extra year membership of the club? Free. No charge.
JERRY: You could do that?
MILOS: Jerry, for you, anything.
(Jerry looks happier. Milos walks away behind the scenes somewhere. Jerry looks round the store and exchanges smiles with a beautiful woman who's trying on a visor. After a few moments, Milos returns, looking rueful.)
JERRY: (indicating the woman) Game, set and match, huh Milos?
MILOS: (apologetic) Hah, Jerry, I am so sorry. they tell me there is no way they can do it. (meek) Is there anything else I can do for you? Anything at all. I refund your money.
JERRY: (animated) You know what Milos, I don't even care about the money. I just feel like I was taken by the worst tennis player I...
MILOS: Shhh-shhh. (whispers) I make it up to you.
JERRY: (doubtful) Yeah, you'll make it up to me.
(Jerry turns away and walks toward the door. As he passes the beautiful woman, he speaks.)
JERRY: Tennis, anyone?
(The woman smiles at Jerry's flirtation. Jerry leaves, and Milos looks after him, worried.)
[Champagne Video]
(Kramer and Elaine stand before the 'Staff Picks' rack again. Elaine picks a video off the 'Vincent' rack.)
ELAINE: Oh, this is the one Vincent told me about. The Pain And The Yearning. (reads from the box) 'An old woman experiences pain and yearning.' A hundred and ninety-two minutes?
KRAMER: That's a lotta yearning, huh?
ELAINE: You know, these movies are great, but they're just so emotionally exhausting.
KRAMER: Yeah, well, what you need is some summertime adolescent high jinx.
ELAINE: Really?
KRAMER: (looking at 'Gene' rack) See what doctor Gene prescribes, huh? (pulls down a cassette) Oh, here, look at that. Weekend At Bernies Two. Now, that's an hilarious premise.
ELAINE: (laughs) Huh. (looks from tape to tape) Well...
KRAMER: Yeah. (taps the Weekend At Bernie's II box)
ELAINE: Yeah, I could use a chuckle.
(Elaine returns the 'Vincent' pick to the shelf and walks toward the counter with the Bernie's tape.)
KRAMER: (approving) Yeah.
ELAINE: What're you getting?
KRAMER: Nothing, I'm gonna finish watching The Other Side Of Darkness.
ELAINE: Oh. How much you got left?
KRAMER: Yeah, about two hours.
(Elaine does a double-take at this.)
KRAMER: Yeah, she shot in that coma pretty quick.
[Elaine's Apartment]
(Elaine sits up in bed, watching her video. She's not enjoying it.)
ELAINE: (at TV screen) Bernie is dead, you moron! (frustration) Just because he's wearing sunglasses he looks alive?! (picks up video box) Ugh, how long is this weekend, anyway? (reads from label) Ugh!
(The phone rings, and Elaine picks up, glad of the interruption.)
ELAINE: Hello.
VINCENT (O.C.): (accusing) How's the movie. Elaine?
ELAINE: Vincent?
VINCENT (O.C.): (betrayed) The Gene pick. How could you? I thought we had something special.
ELAINE: (defensive) No, it doesn't mean anything. I'm not even gonna rewind it.
(There is a click as Vincent hangs up.)
ELAINE: Vincent?
[Yankee Stadium, Conference Room]
(The table is ringed with employees again, and there is more food. George is stuffing his face with shrimp, just as before. There are a couple of empty seats. One more guy (Fred) enters, and moves to sit at the table.)
FRED: Alright, let's get to it.
GEORGE: Wha..wait a minute, wha..what about Reilly?
FRED: Reilly doesn't work here any more.
GEORGE: (surprise) What? I..I didn't hear about that.
FRED: Oh, we only wake you up for the important meetings.
(Everyone at the table collapses into laughter at George's expense. Again, George do nothing but look upset at the turn of events.)
[Street]
(Jerry is walking along the street, when he encounters the beautiful woman from the pro shop, who appears to have been waiting from him.)
PATTY: Hello.
JERRY: Hello. Didn't I see you at the pro shop yesterday?
PATTY: I think so. I'm Patty. Milos gave me your address. I hope you don't mind me waiting for you here.
JERRY: (to himself) Hoh, that Milos. (to Patty) Well uh, what shall we do, uhm, care for a cup of coffee?
PATTY: Why don't we just go up to your apartment?
JERRY: (surprised) Alright.
(Patty strolls past Jerry, and indicates he should follow.)
JERRY: (to himself) Gotta be an easier way.
(Jerry turns to follow Patty.)
[Kramer's Apartment]
(Kramer is playing the rest of The Other Side Of Darkness. The soundtrack can be heard from the TV.)
NURSE (O.C.): Doctor, how's her coma?
DOCTOR (O.C.): Oh, exactly the same.
(Kramer enters the room, with a bowl of spaghetti. He sits on the couch to watch the movie, and lifts a big forkful into his mouth.)
DOCTOR (O.C.): Wait a minute, she's coming out of the coma.
(Kramer stops chewing and stares wide-eyed at the TV screen.)
DOCTOR (O.C.): Mrs Allbright, can you hear me? Are you okay?
ALLBRIGHT (O.C.): (bright and cheerful) I feel so rested and refreshed. Get me a toothbrush.
(Kramer continues to stare at the screen, stunned by the outcome of the movie.)
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Jerry hands a drink to Patty as she stands by the kitchen counter.)
JERRY: So, you play tennis?
PATTY: (putting the glass down on the counter) Enough talk, Jerry.
(Patty advances on Jerry, sexily. Jerry looks somewhat surprised.)
JERRY: Not for me, I love chatting.
PATTY: (putting her hand to Jerry's face) Shh.
(Patty leans toward Jerry, as though to kiss him. Just as she's about to kiss, she breaks away.)
PATTY: (anguished) No! No, I can't do this. (moving away) I can't go through with it. (sitting on the couch) Not even for him!
JERRY: Who?
PATTY: (cries) Milos. My husband!
JERRY: (shocked) Your husband?!
(Patty puts her face down on the couch, weeping. Jerry, puts his hands up in the air, in a gesture of total disbelief.)
[Jerry's Apartment]
(George sits on the couch, just making sure he's got Jerry's story straight. Jerry listens.)
GEORGE: So concerned was he, that word of his poor tennis skills might leak out, he chose to offer you his wife as some sort of mediaeval sexual payola?
JERRY: (explanation) He's new around here.
GEORGE: (hopeful) So, details?
JERRY: (walking away) Well, I didn't sleep with her.
GEORGE: Because of society, right?
JERRY: (weary) Yes, George, because of society. So how did the big meeting turn out?
(Jerry is getting some sort of candy bar out of a packet on the counter.)
GEORGE: Reilly is no longer with the club. (getting up) You believe that?
(George wanders over into the kitchen.)
JERRY: Ah, you're better off. Now you can just let it go.
(George looks in the fridge.)
GEORGE: Yeah, I'm gonna let it go.
JERRY: You never really had the right comeback, anyway.
(George jerks out of the fridge, slamming the door.)
GEORGE: (animated) Are you insane? Jerk store, woulda smoked that guy! Smoked him, I say.
(George walks back into the living room and picks up a newspaper. The door opens and Kramer enters.)
KRAMER: Hey. Oh, Jerry, listen uh, you know, I saw the rest of that movie, The Other Side Of Darkness? The coma lady wakes up at the end.
GEORGE: (frustrated) Ohh, I wanted to see that. (waves his arms in frustration) Thanks. Thanks a lot.
(George stalks away into the bathroom, and slams the door behind him.)
KRAMER: I didn't know it was possible to come out of a coma.
JERRY: I didn't know it was possible not to know that.
GEORGE (O.C.): (from bathroom) How was Eric Roberts as the husband?
KRAMER: (shouting back) Oh, unforgettable.
GEORGE (O.C.): (disappointed) Oww.
KRAMER: (nervous) I gotta find Elaine. Y'know, she's gonna pull my plug.
(Kramer opens the door and exits hurriedly.)
[Champagne Video]
(Elaine walks over the 'Vincent' rack, where she finds nothing but copies of a video called Betrayed.)
ELAINE: What? Betrayed? Oh, Vincent, I'm so sorry. I...
(Kramer enters the store and hurries over to Elaine.)
KRAMER: Yeah, listen, uh, Elaine, I've changed my mind about the whole coma thing. (positive) Yeah, I decided I'm up for it.
ELAINE: Kramer, do you have any idea what you've done?
(The store manager comes over and squeezes past Elaine.)
MANAGER: Excuse me.
(The manager removes the 'Vincent' label from the shelf and replaces it with another name.)
ELAINE: What're you doing?
(The manager walks back to behind the counter.)
ELAINE: Wha..wha...?
MANAGER: Vincent stopped making picks.
ELAINE: (upset) Well, how am I gonna know what movies to see?
MANAGER: We have a wide variety of Gene picks.
ELAINE: (dismissive) Gene's trash.
MANAGER: I'm Gene.
(Elaine looks sick at her error. Kramer smiles and raises his eyebrows.)
ELAINE: (forcing a smile) Hi.
[New York Health & Racquet Club]
(A subdued Milos is behind the counter, before which stands Jerry.)
JERRY: Milos, I can assure you, I had no intention of telling anyone about your unbelievably bad tennis playing.
MILOS: (not cheered) Thank you, but, unfortunately, I have much larger problems to fry. My wife, she has no respect for Milos anymore.
JERRY: I guess that's a risk you run when you dabble in the flesh trade.
MILOS: Patty, she, she loves tennis, as much like I do. (hopeful) Wou..would you, wi..will you let me beat you in tennis? That is the only way I can show her I am still a man.
JERRY: (reluctant) Well, I'll do it as long as there's no other girls around. I mean, I wanna be a man too.
[Monk's]
(Jerry and Elaine sit in a booth.)
JERRY: So you hurt Vincent's feelings?
ELAINE: (handing Jerry an envelope) Look what came in the mail today.
JERRY: (taking the envelope) Wh..What's this?
(Jerry opens the envelope and shakes a small object out onto his palm.)
ELAINE: It's the play button, off his VCR.
JERRY: (examining the button) Boy, look how far back it goes. It's like a tooth.
(George enters and strolls over to the booth.)
GEORGE: (sitting) So, guess where Mr 'Ocean phoned' turned up? He's working for Firestone, in Akron, Ohio.
ELAINE: Ohio?
GEORGE: Yep. I'm leaving first thing tomorrow morning.
JERRY: (nonplused) You're flying to Akron, just to zing a guy?
GEORGE: Don't you understand? It's not about him. To have a line as perfect as 'jerk store' and to never use it. I, I couldn't live with myself.
ELAINE: See, there are no jerk stores. It..it's just a little confusing, is all.
GEORGE: (adamant) It's smart. It's a smart line, and a smart crowd will appreciate it. (shouting) And, I'm not gonna dumb it down for some bonehead mass audience!
(George realises that everyone in the coffee shop is staring over at him, and has heard his shouts.)
GEORGE: (waving apologetically) Not you.
[Elaine's Apartment]
(Elaine is again sitting up in bed, watching a video. (My guess is it's The Pain And The Yearning.) The soundtrack can be heard.)
OLD WOMAN (O.C.): Oh, brittle bones. How I long to be rid of the pain.
(The phone rings and Elaine picks up.)
ELAINE: Hello.
VINCENT (O.C.): Elaine? It's Vincent.
ELAINE: (surprised) Vincent. (pleading) Where are you? I have to meet you.
VINCENT (O.C.): No. I can't bear to have anyone see me.
ELAINE: Vincent, listen, I won't judge you the way everyone else does. You're, you're strange and beautiful, and sensitive. (blunter) Now, let's have a look at you.
VINCENT (O.C.): (relenting) Alright, but, can you bring me few things from the store? I haven't been out in a while.
[Kramer's Car]
(Kramer drives along the street, very slowly. He's got traffic stacked up behind him and horns blare as cars manoeuvre around him. Kramer is hunched over the steering wheel, looking nervous.)
KRAMER: (indicating that cars should pass him) Well, go around, you bunch of crazies. You maniacs are gonna get us all killed.
[Lawyer's Office]
(Kramer stands expectantly in the office. A secretary enters.)
SECRETARY: Hi, can I help you?
KRAMER: Oh, yeah, yeah. I'm Cosmo Kramer. Yeah, I had an appointment to annul my living will.
SECRETARY: Oh. (looks at her watch) Mr Kramer, you had a ten-thirty appointment. It's two o'clock. Mr Shellbach had a tennis lesson. He's gone for the day.
(Kramer looks anxious again.)
[Tennis Club]
(Jerry and Milos are playing at the other tennis club. They are watched by a small number of people, including Patty. Milos delivers a weak underarm serve, and Jerry makes no effort to return it, merely wafting his racquet vaguely in the direction of the ball.)
JERRY: Too good.
MILOS: (triumphant shout) Another game for Milos!! Hahaha!
(Milos walks to the net to meet Jerry.)
JERRY: You're on fire today.
MILOS: (shouting over) Hey Patty. look at this guy. He's awful!
(Patty blows Milos a kiss.)
MILOS: (milking it) He's not a man, this Jerry. He's not even married like I am. (laughs) Huhuhuhu.
JERRY: (quietly) Hey, uh, Milos, I don't mind rolling over here, but could you lighten up on the 'not a man' stuff?
MILOS: (shouting) Hey everybody, look! The little chicken girl wants me to ease up. He can't handle this, so he cries like a woman! (laughs evilly) Hahaha!
(Milos strides away to continue the game, leaving Jerry looking rueful.)
[Outside Vincent's Apartment]
(Elaine walks down a hallway, carrying a large grocery bag. She reads numbers off doors until she spots the one she wants. She gives a smile, flicks her hair a little, and knocks at the door.)
ELAINE: Hello? Vincent?
(The door cracks open a few inches, but it's completely dark inside, so the occupant can't be seen.)
VINCENT: Elaine?
ELAINE: I got what you asked.
VINCENT: Just, leave it and go.
ELAINE: W..well, can't I come in?
VINCENT: No. Go away. Now.
(Elaine leans forward so her face is right into the open door.)
ELAINE: (pleading) No, no. Vincent, I... Don't shut me out. (beseeching) I just, I know you feel what I feel.
(A woman comes up behind Elaine.)
WOMAN: Excuse me. Can I help you?
VINCENT: Aw, dammit!
ELAINE: (confused) Uh, uhm, I'm, I'm here to see Vincent.
WOMAN: Well, I'm his mother. (stern) Vincent, what's going on here?
(The woman pushes the door wide open, revealing Vincent standing there. Vincent is a bespectacled, geeky, teen in a plaid shirt. He throws his hands up to cover his face.)
VINCENT: (shrieks) No, my acne!
(Vincent darts away from the door into the apartment. Elaine is open-mouthed in surprise.)
ELAINE: Ahh-cnee.
WOMAN: (regarding the grocery bag) What d'you have here?
(Vincent's mother grabs the top of the bag and begins to rummage through the contents.)
WOMAN: (disapproving) Vodka, cigarettes, fireworks. (accusing) What kind of a sick woman brings this to a fifteen year old?
ELAINE: (sick smile) We have the same taste in movies.
WOMAN: Did he send you part of our VCR?
(Elaine smiles and nods, and pulls at a chain she has round her neck. Threaded onto the chain is the VCR button Vincent sent her.)
ELAINE: Yeah.
(Vincent's mother holds out her hand, and Elaine pulls the chain over her head and hands it over.)
WOMAN: (entering the apartment) Vincent!
(Elaine reaches into the grocery bag and extracts the bottle of vodka. She drops the rest of the bag on the floor, and strolls away, swinging the bottle like a club.)
[Tennis Club]
(Jerry and Milos are still playing. Jerry is still throwing the game, and Milos is still milking it. Jerry puts an easy return straight into the court in front of himself.)
MILOS: (pointing and shouting) Look at the big baby! (laughter) Hehaha. (to Jerry) Hey, big baby, are you wetting yourself? Maybe it is time for you to be changed. (laughter) Hahah.
(Patty laughs too, with the few other spectators. Jerry looks angry at this constant derision.)
JERRY: (quietly) I told you to cut it out.
(Jerry delivers a fierce serve which beats Milos, and almost hits him in the face.)
MILOS: (quietly, to Jerry) Hey, c'mon, what're you doing? (to his audience)
Huhuh. The baby got lucky on that one! Hahah.
(Jerry walks back to deliver another serve. Kramer enters and looks around for someone. On another court, Shellbach is facing an automatic serving machine.)
KRAMER: (waving) Shellbach.
(Shellbach waves vaguely back to Kramer, who has begun to walk round the room
to get to him.
(Meanwhile, Jerry returns a shot to Milos, with some venom. Milos stretches desperately to try and reach it, but loses his grip on his racquet. The racquet arcs across the hall, watched by Patty, and then spotted by Kramer.)
KRAMER: Racquet.
(The racquet plummets from the air and strikes the guy who is operating the automatic serving machine for Shellbach. The guy is knocked unconscious and, as he falls, he pushes against the machine, turning it to point at Kramer. Kramer stands transfixed, as it continues to launch balls at him. Several balls in rapid succession strike him in the head, until he slumps, unconscious, to the floor.)
[Insert]
(Aeroplane landing, with a caption 'AKRON, OHIO'.)
[Firestone Boardroom, Akron]
(A boardroom very much like that of the Yankees, but with a Firestone sign on the wall. Several people sit around the table, including Reilly, and George, who is filling his face from a large dish of shrimp.)
REILLY: So, George. You're proposing a snow tyre day at Yankee Stadium?
GEORGE: (through a mouthful) Long as they don't throw 'em on the field. (laughs) Huhu. (indicating dish) Help yourself to some shrimp, I brought enough for everybody.
MCADAM: (doubtful) I have to say this, this proposal doesn't make a whole lot of sense.
GEORGE: Well, you never know. (picks up more shrimp) Let's see how many I can fit in my mouth.
(George begins picking up shrimp one by one and stuffing them into his mouth.)
REILLY: (leaning forward) You know, George...
(George looks up, expectantly.)
REILLY: The ocean called. They're running outta shrimp.
(Everyone around the table laughs. Except for George, who looks triumphant. He swallows, and uses a napkin to clean his fingers.)
GEORGE: (standing) Oh yeah, Reilly? (smugly) Well, the jerk store called. They're running outta you
REILLY: (unperturbed) What's the difference? You're their all-time best seller!
(Reilly and everyone else laughs even more than they did before. George looks angry and frustrated, even on the verge of tears for a second, then something occurs to him.)
GEORGE: Yeah? Well, I had sex with your wife.
(George looks round, smiling arrogantly, expecting laughter. But there is a deep, uncomfortable, silence. Reilly, looks stony-faced. McAdam stands and leans over to speak in George's ear.)
MCADAM: His wife is in a coma.
(George looks sick.)
[Hospital Room]
(Kramer lies in bed, asleep. Jerry sits in a chair, reading a newspaper. There's a knock at the door and Elaine enters, carrying a VCR.)
ELAINE: (to Jerry) Hi. (indicating Kramer) How's he doing?
JERRY: He's been sleeping a lot. He's still groggy.
ELAINE: Oh. (puts the VCR down) I thought a movie might cheer him up. I got him a Gene pick.
JERRY: What happened to Vincent?
ELAINE: (evasive) I'm kinda off of him. (looking around) Uh, outlet?
(Jerry points to the wall beside Kramer's bed.)
ELAINE: Ah.
(Elaine walks over and sees both sockets are full. She takes hold of one of the plugs and yanks it out of the socket with a grunt. The grunt wakes Kramer, who looks groggily around and sees Elaine standing holding the plug, as if she's just unplugged his life support. He stares, bug-eyed and shrieks in terror.)
KRAMER: (screaming) Waahhh!!!
[Insert]
(A plane landing, with the caption 'NEW YORK, NEW YORK'.)
[George's Car]
(Once again, George drives along, frustrated and angry.)
GEORGE: 'My wife's in a coma.' Yeah? Well, the life support machine called and...
(He tails off, as he can't think of anywhere to go. Then a look of enlightenment comes to George's face, as he thinks of something.)
GEORGE: (shouts) Wait! Yes! That's what I should've said! (frustration) D'ohh!
(George looks gutted for a second, then a determined expression comes to his face. He swings the car round with a squeal of tires, and heads back towards the airport.)
GEORGE: (cocky laughter) Huh haha! (shouts) You're meat, Reilly! You just screwed yourself! (laughter) Ha ha!
[Setting: A Restaurant]
ELLEN: So, they have this clock now, where you punch in your age, and all your risk factors. It actually counts down how much time you have left to live.
JERRY: So what's the great moment? You're on your death bed, they're pounding on your chest - and you're going 10, 9, 8,.. I told you this thing was good!
ELLEN: (Laughs) I can't believe this is our first date.
JERRY: I know.. How about dessert?
ELLEN: I suppose I have to get a piece of cake..
JERRY: Why?
ELLEN: Today's my birthday.
JERRY: What? Today? Really?
ELLEN: Yeah.
(Waiters come out with a cake, singing "Happy Birthday" to a woman named "Lisa" at another table. Jerry ponders why Ellen isn't celebrating with her friends)
[Setting: Jerry's apartment]
GEORGE: So, she went out with you on a first date.. and it was her birthday?
JERRY: Yeah. And she picked the day!
GEORGE: Is she socially awkward?
JERRY: No, she's great! She's.. attractive, she's fun..
GEORGE: Well, maybe she decided to celebrate her birthday on the Monday after the weekend.
JERRY: She's not Lincoln.
(Enter Kramer)
KRAMER: Hey! Anybody up for Lorenzo's pizza?
JERRY: I'll pass.
KRAMER: Oh, yeah? Huh. (Turns to George) Hey, George! Pizza? Yum, yum!
GEORGE: Eh, I can't. I gotta go down to the foundation. I'm interviewing high schoolers for the Susan Ross.. scholarship.
JERRY: Does it ever bother you that this organization-
GEORGE: Nope!
JERRY: is beating the bushes-
GEORGE: Nope! (Starts heading for the door)
JERRY: to basically give this money away-
GEORGE: Noo!
JERRY: to virtually anyone, as long as they're not you?
GEORGE: (Standing in the doorway) I'm fine with it! Fi-hi-hi-hine I say! (Leaves)
[Setting: Susan Ross Foundation conference room]
STUDENT 1: And then I received a 740 on the English achievement test. (George looks bored)
GEORGE: Quick, what's your favorite animal?
STUDENT 1: I.. I don't know.. frog?
GEORGE: (Disappointed) A frog?
STUDENT 1: Well, I.. I..
GEORGE: (Annoyed) Frog is wrong.
(Cut to another student's interview)
GEORGE: (Reading) I see here that you play the harp.. tell me, why do you have to tilt it? Can't you just build it on an angle? It'd save you a lot of trouble.
STUDENT 2: Well, the modern-day harp has been refined over thousands of years-
GEORGE: (Annoyed) Yeah, yeah. We'll, uh, let you know.
(Cut to another student interview)
GEORGE: (Reading) I see your G.P.A's a 4.0.
STUDENT 3: (Smiling gloatingly) You like that, don't you?
(Cut to another student interview)
GEORGE: so, uh, Steven.. I see you're president of the chess club.
STEVEN: State champs.
GEORGE: Who's your favorite chess player?
STEVEN: (Hesitating, he mumbles) Nastercoff?
GEORGE: Right. (Mumbles) Nastercoff.. What country is he from, again?
STEVEN: (Sighs) I don't know.. I made it up. (Gets up to leave) I'm never gonna get this thing.
GEORGE: (Gets up, stopping him) Woah, woah, woah! What are you telling me for? You really had me going, there! C'mon, sit down. (They both sit back down) What do you want to do when you grow up?
STEVEN: I've been telling people that I'd like to be an architect..
(George is suddenly interested)
[Setting: Jerry's apartment]
ELAINE: So, get this: Mister Peterman is finally letting me do some real writing. He's got this book deal, for his autobiography. He's gonna let me ghost write it.
JERRY: Wow. That's great! When it comes out, I'll have to get someone to ghost read it.
(Elaine mockingly laughs at Jerry's joke. Kramer enters)
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Hey.
ELAINE: Hey!
KRAMER: Alright, so there I am at Lorenzo's - loading up my slice of the fixin's bar.. garlic, (imitates the shaking of garlic onto a pizza) and what-not.. mmm, mmm.. and I see this guy over at the pizza boxes giving me the stink-eye. (Imitates the 'stink-eye') So I give hime the crook-eye back, (Imitates the 'crook-eye') you know.. Then, I notice that he's not alone! I'm taking on the entire Van Buren Boys!
JERRY: The Van Buren Boys? There's a street gang named after President Martin Van Buren?
KRAMER: Oh yeah, and they're just as mean as he was! So, I make a move to the door, you know, (makes a noise) they block it! So, I lunged for the bathroom. (demonstrates) I grab the knob - Occupado! Then they back me up agains the cartoon map of Italy, and all of the sudden, they just stop.
ELAINE: What? What happened?
KRAMER: Because I'm still holding the garlic shaker.. Yeah.. like this (grabs Jerry's peper shaker, and demonstrates) I'm only showing eight fingers.
JERRY: Well, what does that mean?
KRAMER: That's their secret sign! See, Van Buren, he was teh eighth President.. (Holds up 8 fingers) They thought I was a former Van B. Boy!
[Setting: Outside a coffee shop]
ELLEN: (Sees a pay phone) Oh, Jerry, can you hold on a sec? I just want to check my messages.. (She meets up with two of her friends on the way to the phone) Oh, Melissa! Kim!
MELISSA: Ellen.
ELLEN: Hey! You guys, I want you to meet Jerry. (Gestures tward Jerry, then goes back to the phone)
MELISSA: Ohh, we've heard a lot about you! (Confidentially) It is so sweet of you to take her out.
KIM: Yeah, you don't even know how much she needs this.
JERRY: (Sympathetically) She coming of a bad break-up?
KIM: (Casually) No.
MELISSA: See ya!
(They walk off. Ellen hangs up, then walks over to Jerry)
JERRY: Any messages?
ELLEN: Yeah, no one called.
[Setting: Coffee shop]
JERRY: They act like it was some act of charity. Just going out with her.
GEORGE: So, she's the loser of the group. Every group has someone that they all make fun of.. Like us with Elaine. (Jerry thinks about this, then shakes it off)
JERRY: There is no way Ellen is the loser of that group.
GEORGE: Are you looking deep down at the real person underneath?
JERRY: No, I'm being as superficial as I possibly can!
GEORGE: (Changing subject) Hey, I htink I may have found someone for the scholarship.
JERRY: Yeah?
GEORGE: I'm interviewing all these annoying little overachievers.. finally, this kid walks in - Steven Koren - a regular guy.. likes sports.. watches T.V..
JERRY: Is he smart?
GEORGE: (Defensively) He knows how to read. And he also knows finishing an entire book doesn't prove anything. And get this: he's into architecture.
JERRY: Hey! Just like you pretend to be.
GEORGE: Yes. With a little guidance, Steven Koren is going to be everything I claim to be, only for real. That's my dream, Jerry.
JERRY: I had a dream last night that a hamburger was eating me!
[Setting: J. Peterman's apartment]
ELAINE: Mister Peterman, thanks for having me over. Your place isn't quite what I imagined.. (It's plain, with no sign of Peterman's personality)
PETERMAN: Ohhh.. It's just a place to flop. (Sits in his recliner)
ELAINE: Well, (Clears throat) what part of your life (hits the record button on a mini-recorder, and sets it down on the table) do you want to start with? Foreign intrigue? Exotic romances?
PETERMAN: Oh, Elaine, we've covered all of that in the catalogue ad nauseum. No, I would like this book to be about my day-to-day life.
ELAINE: Oh.
PETERMAN: (Turns on the T.V, and starts flipping through the channels) Oh damn. They changed the cable stations again.. just when I finally memorized them.
ELAINE: Well, Mister Peterman, do you want to, um..
PETERMAN: (Still flipping through the channels) 2.. CBS..
ELAINE: get, um, started..
PETERMAN: 3.. I don't know what that is.. where's my damn preview channel?
ELAINE: (After observing Peterman's home life) Well, I - I got ta tell you, Mister Peterman.. I don't think I see a whole book here.
PETERMAN: well, I'm sure we'll come up with something. What do you say you and I order ourselves a pie? Do you like Lorenzo's?
ELAINE: You know, a friend of mine almost got beat up at that place by the Van Buren Boys?
PETERMAN: (Interested) You don't say.
ELAINE: Yeah. The only think that saved him is that he accidentally flashed their secret gang sign.
PETERMAN: Well, that's pretty exciting. (Pause) Let's put that in the book.
ELAINE: But, that didn't happen to you.
PETERMAN: So, we pay off your friend, and it becomes a Peterman.
ELAINE: No, I - I really don't think you can do that.
PETERMAN: (Looking at his dying plant) Ohh, damn. I forgot to buy plant food again.. I'll bet I got a coupon for it. (Starts looking through a small coupon box)
ELAINE: You know what? Maybe I better talk to my friend.
[Setting: Coffee shop]
(Jerry's on a date with Ellen, he's desperately trying to find out what is wrong with her)
JERRY: Is that the same outfit you were wearing yesterday?
ELLEN: No, this is brand new. Do you like it?
JERRY: Actually, yeah. (Pause) Wait a second! Is that the fork that fell on the floor?! (Dramatically) Are you using the fork that fell on the floor?!
ELLEN: (Laughs) No, Jerry, the waitress game be another one.
JERRY: I guess that's all right.
ELLEN: Is something wrong, Jerry?
JERRY: No, absolutely nothing. (They get up to leave) You're fantastic! (They meet up with Kramer and George on the way out) Hey guys!
GEORGE: Hey.
JERRY: (Gesturing to Ellen) Kramer, George, this is Ellen.
(Kramer gives a look)
[Setting: Susan Ross Foundation conference room]
GEORGE: Ladies and gentlemen, this (Opens the door, Steven is standing there) is Steven Koren. His G.P.A. is a solid 2.0! Right in that meaty part of the curve - not showing off, not falling behind.
WYCK: George, the quailifications for this scholarship were suppose to be.. largely academic.
GEORGE: I'm sure we're all aware of the flaws and biases of standardized tests..
WYCK: These aren't standardized tests - these are his grades.
GEORGE: Besides, Steven Koren has the highest of aspirations. He wants to be (pauses for effect) an architect.
WYCK: Is that right?
STEVEN: Actually, maybe I could set my sights a little bit higher.
GEORGE: (Laughs) Steven, nothing is higher than an architect.
STEVEN: I think I'd really like to be a city planner. (Sits down, addressing the entire foundation board) Why limit myself to just one building, when I can design a whole city?
WYCK: Well, that's a good point.
GEORGE: (Mutters) No, it's not.
STEVEN: Well, isn't an architect just an art school drop-out with a tilty desk, and a big ruler? (Laughs - so do the board members)
GEORGE: (Irritated) It's called a T-square.
WYCK: You know, the stupidest guy in my fraternity became an architect - after he flunked out of dental school! (Everyone but George laughs) Contratulations, young man. (Shakes Steven's hand)
STEVEN: Thank you.
WYCK: Susan would be proud of what you're doing.
STEVEN: Thank you.
[Setting: Peterman's office]
(Kramer is selling his Van Buren Boys story to Peterman)
KRAMER: And they made it their sign, because, Van Buren, our 8th President, was the man they most admired.
PETERMAN: (Laughs) Kramer, my friend, that is one ripping good yarn.. (Hands Kramer a check)
KRAMER: You know, if you like that one, I got more.. what are you looking for? Romance? Comedy? Adventue? .. Erotica? (Clicks his tongue)
ELAINE: No, uh, Kramer. I don't think -
PETERMAN: (Interrupting) How much would you take for the whole lot?
KRAMER: My whole lot?
PETERMAN: Name your price, man!
KRAMER: (Thinks) 1500 dollars.
PETERMAN: I'll give you half that.
KRAMER: (Excited) Done!
PETERMAN: Kramer, my friend, (Gestures to Elaine) consider Elaine at your disposal.
KRAMER: Okay.. (To Elaine) Well, I, Uh.. I like to work in the evenings.. (Elaine slumps back, and covers her head in misfortune)
[Setting: Elaine's office]
(Elaine is growing weary of Kramer's childish antics. Kramer's practicing putting golf balls on her office floor)
ELAINE: Would you please just get on with the stupid Bob Saccamano story?!
KRAMER: Well, I'm on the phone with Bob, and I realize right then and there that I need to return this pair of pants. So, I'm off to the store.
ELAINE: What happened to Bob Saccamano?
KRAMER: Well, nothing. His part of the story is done. (Elaine covers her face with her hands - showing her difficulty coping with Kramer) So I'm waiting for the subway, It's not coming, so I decided to hoof it through the tunnel.
ELAINE: Alright, well, now that's something..
KRAMER: Well, I don't know if I lost track of time - or what, but the next think I knew..
ELAINE: (Adding) A train is bearing down on you?!
KRAMER: No, I slipped - and fell in the mud. Ruining the very pants I was about to return.
ELAINE: (Reflects on the story) I don't understand.. you were wearing the pants you were returning?
KRAMER: Well, I guess I was..
ELAINE: (Still confused) What were you gonna wear on the way back?
KRAMER: Elaine, are you listening?! I didn't even get there! (Pauses) All right, next story..
ELAINE: Alright, I think I got enough for one day.
KRAMER: Yeah, yeah, chew on that.
ELAINE: (Mocking) Yeah, I'll chew on that.
KRAMER: Oh, hey, listen, by the way - I'm hosting a little get-together tonight in honor of my little financial upturn..
ELAINE: Oh, thanks. I've got plans.
KRAMER: Elaine, you should be there to document it.
ELAINE: (Putting on her coat) Oh, you're getting together with some of your jackass friends, and you want me to take notes?
KRAMER: Yeah, but get there after nine. You know, give the poeple a chance to loosen up.
(Kramer turns to go, but slips on a golf ball. He falls to the ground. Elaine looks at him as if to say 'What a doofus.')
[Setting: Jerry's apartment]
JERRY: So you're denying him the scholarship just because he wants to be a city planner?
GEORGE: I was betrayed! That kid was like a son to me. And if there's one person you should be able to hold down, it's your own flesh and blood. Like my father.. my father's father before him.
JERRY: You know, maybe philanthropy is not your field. (Phone rings, he answers it) Hello. Oh, Hi, Ellen. Yeah, I called the hotel.. we're all set for the weekend.
GEORGE: You're spending the weekend with Ellen?
JERRY: (To George, in a 'cha-ching!' motion) Vermont! (To Ellen) With any luck, they said we could stay an extra couple of days if we want to! (George is disturbed. He gets up, goes go Kramer's door, and knocks. They talk) Four days at a beautiful bed-and-breakfast! I can't wait.. buy-bye. (Hangs up. George and Kramer come into Jerry's apartment, confronting him) What? (George takes the phone off the hook) What is this?
GEORGE: (To Kramer) You want to start?
KRAMER: (To George) Uh, No, no, no.. you go ahead. I gotta get my thoughts together.
GEORGE: Jerry, this whole Ellen situation.. has gone far enough.
JERRY: What?!
KRAMER: (Adding) Jerry, she's a loser. (George points to Kramer - gesturing that he's right on target)
JERRY: Where is this coming from? She's great!
GEORGE: (Concerned) Why're you doing this, Jerry? Is it your career? Things will pick up.
JERRY: There's nothing wrong with my career!
KRAMER: (Like a parent) Well, I still like the Bloomingdale's executive training program for him.
GEORGE: I though we said we weren't going to discuss that now!
KRAMER: Well, you know, I think it's something he should consider.
GEORGE: Of course he should consider it, but now is not the time!
KRAMER: Listen, George, all these issues are interrelated.
JERRY: (Fed up) Alright! Excuse me! (Gets up) I'm not buying any of this!
KRAMER: All right, so what're you saying? That we're wrong? Oh, everybody's wrong but you!
JERRY: You know, this is liek that Twilight Zone where the guy wakes up, and he's the same - but everyone else is different!
KRAMER: Which one?
JERRY: They were all like that!
[Setting: NYC Street]
(George comes out of a store, he meets up with Steven Koren)
STEVEN: Why'd you take away my scholarship, Mister Costanza?
GEORGE: Well, Steven, I, uh.. (All the sudden, a small gang steps out of nowhere, surrounding George)
STEVEN: These are my new friends - The Van Buren Boys.
MEMBER 1: He became so disillusioned, he had to join us.
GEORGE: Oh.. nice.
STEVEN: I want my scholarship back, so I can be a city planner.
GEORGE: What about architect, Steven?
MEMBER 1: (Moves threateningly close to George) City planner.
[Setting: Cafe]
(Kramer is having his party, Elaine is painfully sitting through it)
FRIEND 1: Great party, K-man!
KRAMER: Yeah, well, you got that straight! (Turns to Elaine) Hey, Elaine, try the beef - because that's realy au jus sauce, huh. (Dramatically) Real au jus sauce!
ELAINE: (Sourly) I'll make a note of it.
FRIEND 1: Hey, Kramer,
KRAMER: Yeah?
FRIEND 1: Ramirez has never heard your pants story.
KRAMER: Ohh kay! Well, you know, I had Bob Saccamano on the phone, and I suddenly realized that I- (Elaine stops him)
ELAINE: You can't tell that story now. It belongs to Peterman.
KRAMER: What do ya mean?
ELAINE: You signed the release.
KRAMER: Yeah.
ELAINE: He sat in mud. Not you.
KRAMER: But I did sit in mud.
ELAINE: (Stern) Ya didn't! You never sat in mud!
KRAMER: (Pleading) I was all dirty!
ELAINE: It ever happened! Understand?
(Kramer's friends get restless, and beg for the rest of the story)
KRAMER: (To crowd) Hey, hey, hey! All right! Yeah, uh, yeah.. well.. Uh, the pants. they, uh, they fit, uh, well - and so I, uh, decided I wasn't gonna return them! (Laughs) Wooh-hoo-hoo-hoo!
(The crowd is disappointed)
FRIEND 1: It's getting late. Maybe we better get going. (They all get up to leave)
KRAMER: What? You're gonna go now? Hey, woah! I don't.. (watches his friends leave)
(Enter George)
KRAMER: (Frantic) Kramer, Kramer! I got big trouble with the - with the Van Buren Boys.
KRAMER: Hey, now, they're tough cookies.
GEORGE: Yeah, and I - I heard you got on their good side. Now, what'd you do?
KRAMER: Uh.. ah, (Looks over at Elaine, and realizes he can't tell the Van Buren Boys story) Oh, nothing - nothing.. No, I certainly don't have any stories, if that's what you're implying. (Laughs heartily)
GEORGE: (Frantic) Kramer, do you know what those guys are gonna do to me?!
KRAMER: Yeah, well, uh.. you know uh, you didn't hear from me, but, uh, the Van Buren Boys - they never hassle their own kind.
GEORGE: You mean, like, a former member?
(Kramer nods his head while drinking from a mug of beer)
[Setting: Jerry's apartment]
ELAINE: These Kramer stories are unusable! (Thumbs through them) I mean, some of them aren't even stories! (Holds one out) Look, this is a list of things in his apartment!
JERRY: Is my toaster oven on there?
ELAINE: How am I ever gonna turn this into a book?
JERRY: Well, just shape them - change them. You're a writer.
ELAINE: Yes! I'm a writer.
JERRY: Make them interesting.
ELAINE: Interesting! Of course! People love interesting writing!
(Jerry reacts oddly, as if to say 'That's enough of that!')
JERRY: Well, I gotta go to the airport. I'm picking up my parents.
ELAINE: What? Wheren't they just here?
JERRY: Yeah. I'm flying them in to meet Ellen. I don't know where to turn! I gotta see what they think of her.
ELAINE: Maybe we could all have dinner later?
JERRY: I don't think so. I'm gonna try to get them to fly right back tonight.
(Enter Kramer)
KRAMER: Oh, hey! Hey, have I told you about my bunions? Oh, you're gonna love this story! (Rubs his hands together) So, I line up my cold cuts on the couch next to me, but as I'm stacking them up, they keep falling into my foot bath! (Jerry and Elaine look disgusted)
JERRY: Kramer, this is awful! We don't want to hear about this!
KRAMER: Damn!
JERRY: What?
KRAMER: Oh, I bought a bunch of bunion stories from Newman - but they all stink!
ELAINE: How much did you pay for them?
KRAMER: Eight bucks! I think I got ripped off! (Leaves, yelling out "Newman!")
[Setting: Peterman's office]
ELAINE: Oh, what didn't you like about the first chapter?
PETERMAN: Well, it started out nicely: "I'm returning some pants." A very identifiable problem.. (turns page) "I set of down a train tunnel.".. (turns page) But that's where the story takes a most unappealing turn.
ELAINE: Oh, no, no! That's where it gets interesting! Don't you see? The - the train is bearing down on you, you - you dive into a side tunnel - and you run into a whole band of underground tunnel dwellers!
PETERMAN: It just seems so cliched, and obvious. It's not interesting writing.
ELAINE: Yeah.. yeah. I know. Um.. how about if, instead of.. diving from the train, you.. uh, you, I don't know, you slip and, and fall in some mud, and.. ruin your pants?
PETERMAN: (Intrigued) The very pants I was returning. That's perfect irony! Elaine, that is interesting writing! (The intercom beeps)
SECRETARY: I have a Cosmo Kramer on line 4.
PETERMAN: (Picks up the phone) Peterman, here.
KRAMER: Mister Peterson, you gotta sell me my stories back!
PETERMAN: You want to know something? I no longer need them!
ELAINE: No, no. Mister Peterman, why don't we keep them - as a, as a reference?
PETERMAN: Nonsense! (To Kramer) I have Benes' woderfully imaginative mind to spin my stories. You take back your tales, you vagabond!
KRAMER: Yippie-yi-yay!
PETERMAN: (Hangs up) There you are, Elaine. Go forth, and create. (Elaine gets up to leave) And, by the way, when you get to that chapter about my romantic escapades - feel free to toss yourself in the mix.
[Setting: NYC Street]
(George meets up with the Van Buren Boys again)
GEORGE: Hey, Van B. Boys.
STEVEN: So, Mister Costanza, did you get my scholarship back?
GEORGE: Now, fellas, fellas.. easy. You wouldn't want to beat up on one of your own.
MEMBER 2: Is that right? Then why don't you flash us the sign?
GEORGE: Right.. the sign. (Hesitates, then makes a series of stupid gestures)
STEVEN: That's not the sign.
GEORGE: (Defensively loud) It was when I was banging!
MEMBER 2: All right, if you really are one of us.. let's see you take the wallet off the next guy who walks by.
GEORGE: Love to! (Cracks his knuckles, then winces under the pain)
[Setting: Coffee shop]
ELLEN: And after college, I got my masters at the Sorbonne.
MORTY: Sorbonne? Oh, hey. (To Helen) That's in Paris.
ELLEN: (Looks at her watch) Oh, Jerry, you're parking meter's about to expire. Don't get up, I've got change. (Leaves with her purse)
JERRY: (To his parents) So? What do you think?
HELEN: Jerry, she's fantastic.
JERRY: I knew it! I'm not crazy.
HELEN: She's so sweet, and she's got some body on her!
MORTY: And smart! Like a computer!
HELEN: And so much personality! But, it doesn't matter what we think. Do you like her?
JERRY: (After seeing how much his parents like her) Now, I'm not so sure.
HELEN: Well, she's 10 times better than that awful Amber girl that you were with.
JERRY: yeah, Amber.. I wonder if she's back from Vegas..
[Setting: NYC Alley]
MEMBER 2: The next one, or you're meat!
GEORGE: Alright, alright! (Goes out onto the sidewalk. The Seinfelds walk by) Seinfelds!
MORTY: Hey, George!
GEORGE: Shhh! Listen, you gotta do me a favor. Give me your wallet. I'll give it back to you later.
MORTY: How're your folks?
GEORGE: Eh, they're trying to pick out a new couch - you don't want to know. (Remembering the watching Van Buren Boys) Give me your wallet, or I'll spill your guts right here on the street!
MORTY: What did you say?
GEORGE: Come on, hurry up, old man! I'm an animal!
HELEN: You're being very rude. Come on, Morty.
GEORGE: (Pleading) Please, please, they're gonna hit me! (Attempts to grab Helen's purse, she starts hitting George defensively, he backs off)
MORTY: Tell your parents we said 'Hi!' (They leave)
(The Van Buren Boys come out of the alley, George holds up his hand in a "stop" gesture - then takes off running down the street, screaming. The Van Buren Boys chase him)
[Jerry and Kramer are walking down the street at dusk.]
KRAMER: Look how dark it's gettin' already.
JERRY: Well, it's not Daylight Savings Time yet.
KRAMER: When does it start?
JERRY: (pause) I don't know, they just tell you the night before.
KRAMER: Uh. Well, I'm sick o' waiting. (pulls out his pocket-watch (it has a chain, too)) I am springin' ahead riiight now.
JERRY: (under breath) Oh, I'm sure that won't cause any problems..
(Jerry sees Mike down the sidewalk. Mike's peering into a shop window.)
JERRY: Oh, god, it's Mike Moffit..
KRAMER: Oh now, don't tell me you're still mad at him for calling you a phony. Jerry, that was five years ago!
JERRY: I'm not a phony an' I don't want anything to do with this guy.
KRAMER: Hey! Mike!
MIKE: (sees and is enthused, coming over) Kramer! Jerry! How's it goin'?!
JERRY: Fine. An' I'm not just sayin' that..
MIKE: Guess what? I just started my own business. I'm a bookie!
JERRY: No openings in arson?
MIKE: (pauses, struck by J's attitude) Either of you guys wanna place a bet: I'm your guy.
KRAMER: (quickly) Ah no no no. No bets for me, I uh, I got a disease.
JERRY: I'm feelin' a bit queasy myself. Maybe I'll see you in another five years. (casually leaves)
MIKE: Kramer. Jerry still mad about that "phony" thing?
KRAMER: You kidding? It's all water near a bridge.
MIKE: Hey, what time you got?
KRAMER: (pulling out his timepiece) Oh yes. Uh.. it's aaalmost six.
MIKE: Whoa--uh--I'm really late. (leaves)
[Elaine's at work, with Peggy at Peggy's drafting table, looking at Peggy's designs. (Peggy is an older, thin woman.)]
ELAINE: Oh! These designs look great! Peggy, you really saved me.
PEGGY: Oh, it was no problem.
ELAINE: (leaving with the drawings) Mr. Peterman is gonna love 'em.
PEGGY: (focusing on her work) Thanks, Susie.
(At the door, Elaine turns around, wondering if she heard right, and should she say anything. Peggy looks up, pleasantly nods at her, and returns to her work. Elaine wavers and decides to let it drop, and leaves.)
[That night at Monk's, Jerry and Elaine are sitting in a booth.]
ELAINE: You won't believe this but, as I'm leaving, she calls me "Susie."
JERRY: I don't see you as a Susie. Sharon maybe.
ELAINE: What am I, a--a bulimic, chain-smoking, stenographer from Staten Island?
JERRY: Who are you describing?
ELAINE: Someone I know.
JERRY: Named Sharon?
ELAINE: I'd rather not say.
(George has just come in and grabs a chair to put a garment bag on.)
GEORGE: Hey.
ELAINE: (to say hello) Mmm! What's in the bag?
GEORGE: (sitting) Newww tuxedo. For the Pinstripe Ball. Steinbrenner is throwing a huge party at Tavern on the Green, heh!
JERRY: Kind of a Yankee prom?
GEORGE: (resentfully dampened) It's not a prom. It's a Ball.
JERRY: You taking Allison?
GEORGE: Yes, of course I'm taking Allison. This woman is genetically engineered to go to a ball. Tall, blonde, lithe--
JERRY: Live?
ELAINE: Lithe.
GEORGE: Live?
ELAINE: (rolling her eyes) Lithe!
JERRY: Oh, lithe!
ELAINE: Well, you two'll have a great time there.
JERRY: It can't be worse than this.
ELAINE: Mmm!
GEORGE: An' wait'll you see the dress that she's got. It's backless! Uh?! I'm finally gonna make a Great Entrance!
ELAINE: Backless? Ya gonna back her in?
GEORGE: Elaine, when a woman makes a Ball Entrance.. she twirls.
ELAINE: She's not gonna twirl--
GEORGE: She'll Twirl.
[George and ALLISON are coming into George's "house."]
GEORGE: That is what Mr. Steinbrenner wants. He wants, everyone, ta, twirl around.
ALLISON: (weary) All right.
GEORGE: Hey! Uh--listen--did you get your--uh--boss's Knick ticket, for Kramer?
ALLISON: (digging in purse) Yeah, uh--here. (hands him ticket)
GEORGE: Oh! Great!
ALLISON: Uh. Say, George--
GEORGE: Woo! Courtside! (mock-snide) Is that the best you could do? Ha ha!
ALLISON: (sitting) George. We need to talk.
GEORGE: What?
ALLISON: I really, think we need to talk.
GEORGE: (pause) Uh-oh.
[Jerry's "house." Jerry and George are just coming in.]
JERRY: She wants to talk.
GEORGE: She doesn't Want to talk, she needs to talk.
JERRY: Nobody needs to talk.
GEORGE: Who would Want to. She tried to end it with me, Jerry.
JERRY: What'd ya do?
GEORGE: I told her I was out o' soda, I went out to get some, an' I never went back.
JERRY: (pause) All night?!
GEORGE: Yeah, I slept at my parents' house.
JERRY: And she wants to break up with you..
GEORGE: Ha! (snort) Can you believe it? (amused) I'm supposed to be havin' lunch with her right now at Pomodoro.
JERRY: Uh-oh. "Everybody breaks up at Pomodoro's."
GEORGE: So? What'm I gonna do?
JERRY: You really like this girl.
GEORGE: No. I like the ball! This is my One Chance to make a Great Entrance! My whole life! I have never made a great entrance!
JERRY: You've made some Fine Exits.
GEORGE: (admitting) All right..
JERRY: So what do you do? You can't keep avoiding her.
GEORGE: (resolved) Why not. (determined) If she can't find me, she can't break up with me. And, if we're still goin' out, she has to gooo to the ballll.
KRAMER: (suddenly entering) Hey, oh--listen. Did you get my ticket from Allison--
GEORGE: Yeah, yeah, right here. (hands it to him)
KRAMER: All right! Yeah.. Courtside.. Whoa! Don't let this girl get away..
GEORGE: (clipping on shades) Ha.. She'll have to find me first. (leaving)
KRAMER: (All right.) (to Jerry) Ah? Oh, by the way: you owe Mike a hundred dollars.
JERRY: What for?
KRAMER: Well I put a bet down for ya on tonight's game. Yeah, if the Knicks beat the Pacers by more than thirty-five? It pays ten to one. Oo-oo! That's some sweet action!
JERRY: But I don't want any "sweet action."
KRAMER: Well, I couldn't do it: I got a gamblin' problem.
JERRY: So you put down my money?!
KRAMER: (impatient sigh) You don't have a problem.
JERRY: Not (with) that, no..
[Elaine's at the office, walking past Peggy's office. Peggy's reading a memo and notices her.]
PEGGY: Susie. Susie!
ELAINE: (coming in) Uh.. Hi, Peggy. Um.. Look, I should have said this yesterday, but--
PEGGY: Did you get this memo from Elaine Benes?
ELAINE: Yeah. See that--
PEGGY: (preoccupied) You know, it's amazing Peterman hasn't fired that dolt. She practically ran the company into the gro-ound.
ELAINE: Well. Well, I thought she did a pretty good Job..
PEGGY: I heard she was a disaster, Suze--
ELAINE: (testy, leans into Peggy's personal space) Look-it. It's not Suze. All right? It's Su-zie. My name, is Su-zie!
(Peggy feels quite threatened..)
[George is in his living room, watching TV, eating popcorn. The phone rings and he lets the machine pick it up as he munches and uses the remote. The machine tape is to the tune of the Greatest American Hero theme song ("The Greatest American Hero (Believe it or not)," written by Mike Post and Stephen Geyer).]
GEORGE: (on tape, singing) "Believe it or not, George, isn't at home, please leave a mes-saaage at the beep. I must be out or I'd pick up the pho-one. Where could I be? Believe it or not, I'm not hooome." (beep)
(Jerry's on the other end, a little bored. But George likes the song, bobbed his head with it.)
JERRY: George, pick up. I know you're screening for Allison.
GEORGE: (answers phone, good mood) Hey.
JERRY: So, coffee shop?
GEORGE: No, I can't. She knows I go there. It's not secure. (the call waiting beeps) Hey, I got another call comin' in. I gotta let the machine get it. Bye. (hangs up)
GEORGE: (on tape, singing) "Believe it or not, George, isn't at home, please leave a mes-saaage at the beep. I must be out or I'd pick up the pho-one. Where could I be? Believe it or not, I'm not hooome." (beep)
(George was grooving to it, pantomime-shrugging during it, and remoting to another station.)
ALLISON: (on phone machine, peeved) George? Are you there? (muttering) I hate that stupid message. (terse) I know you're avoiding me, I'm at the office, please call me, I've gotta talk to you. (hangs up)
(George dials a number.)
GEORGE: (to phone) Hi, Allison? Oh, I guess you're not at home.. I probably should 'ave tried you at the office. Anyway, good to hear from ya, really looking forward to the ball.. (hangs up and happily chuckles) Ha ha!
[At Jerry's apartment, Elaine's just arrived.]
ELAINE: Can you believe this woman?
JERRY: (ironic outrage) The nerve. Talkin' about ya behind your back--and right to your face!
ELAINE: No. "Suze!" I mean, "Suzie!" "Suzanne!" "Suzanna." Fine! But there is no, way, I'm gonna be a Suze.
JERRY: No. No Suze.
ELAINE: (tense) I mean--what am I--some pom-pom-wavin' Backseat Bimbo?!
JERRY: Who are you describin'?
ELAINE: Someone I know!
JERRY: Named Suze?
ELAINE: No, still Sharon!
KRAMER: (comes in, subdued) Hey. (grabs a water from refrigerator)
JERRY: Hey, I thought you went to the game.
KRAMER: No. I was kicked out for fightin' with one of the players. (leaving)
JERRY: Wait. Way--way--way--way--way--way--wait! Who?!
KRAMER: (stops) W--Reggie Miller.
ELAINE: Cheryl Miller's brother?
KRAMER: Yeah. (leaving)
JERRY: Hey--hey--hey--wait, wait, wait, wait! What happened!
KRAMER: (stops again) Well, first of all, for some reason, they started the game an hour Late. And uh, I was sittin' next to Spike Lee an' he an' Reggie were jawin' at each other, so I guess I got involved. (leaving)
ELAINE: (same time as Jerry) --Wait, whoa--whoa--whoa--whoa!--
JERRY: Well--wait--wait--wait--wait! What do you mean "involved"?!
KRAMER: (stops again) Well I.. ran out onto the court an' threw a hotdog at Reggie Miller. "Involved." An' they threw meee, an' Reggie, an' Spike out o' the game.
ELAINE: So that's it?
KRAMER: Well I, well I, felt, pretty bad about everything an' uh, then the three of us, we went to a strip club. (leaves)
JERRY: Can you believe that?
ELAINE: I didn't know Cheryl Miller's brother played basketball.
KRAMER: (suddenly comes back, excited) The Knicks killed 'em a hundred an' ten to seventy three!
JERRY: What--of course, without Reggie Miller, it's a blowout!
KRAMER: No, Jerry--that's thirty-seven points! The Knicks covered! You won! See, that's a cooool-G, Daddy-O--now you gotta let it riiiide!
JERRY: On what?!
KRAMER: (real addict) Ah, come-on, Jerry--I don't wanna lose this feeling. Hey--let's go down to the O.T.B. We'll put some money on the ponies. (getting out pocket-watch)
JERRY: Yeah, all right.
KRAMER: (looking at watch) Ssssh--ah! They just closed!
JERRY: (not) Oh. Too Bad.
[Peterman's office. Elaine comes to the door.]
ELAINE: Mr. Peterman? You wanted to see me?
PETERMAN: Apparently Peggy--down in Design?--got into a liiiittle bit of a Tiff yesterday with somebody named, "Susie"?
ELAINE: Su-sie?
PETERMAN: Yes. Between you, me and the lamppost. And the desk. Peggy says this "Suze" isn't much of a Worker.
ELAINE: (nit) It's Susie.
PETERMAN: Nevertheless, Elaine. The House, of Peterman is in Disorder. First thing tomorrow morning I want to see you, Peggy, and, Susie right here, in my office.
ELAINE: (dismayed) Ah, all o'--all of us?
[Allison's apartment. Someone's knocking on the door and she gets it. It's Kramer.]
KRAMER: Allison. Hi. Uh--listen: I'm really sorry about what happened at the game last night. Listen--could I have a ticket tonight--'cause the Rockets are in town an' that, Hakeem Olajuwon? Ohhh--he's got a real attitude.
ALLISON: Kramer? Have you seen George, around? I can't get a hold of him.
KRAMER: Oh, yeah, yeah. Well, he--uh--visits the guy across the hall from me like every ten minutes.
ALLISON: Oh yeah?
[On the street, Jerry is leisurely unloading his groceries from the back of his car.]
JERRY: (singing) Believe it or not, Geooorge isn't at home.
MIKE: (comes up) Hey. Jerry.
JERRY: Hey Mike.. How 'bout those Knicks?
MIKE: (a little anxious) Yeah! How 'bout 'em? Ha ha. Look, Jerry. I can't pay you.
JERRY: Why not?
MIKE: 'Cause I don't have the money..
JERRY: Mike. You say you're a bookie? You take a bet an' then you can't pay? I don't know, Mike, to me it sounds a little, how you say.. "Phony"?
MIKE: Just give me 'til Friday. Please. Please!
JERRY: You know, you're supposed to be the Bookie. Act like one.
MIKE: I'm sorry. Uh--oh here--let me give you a hand with that.
(Mike gets some groceries out.)
JERRY: (trying to shut the trunk hood) Something wrong with this trunk.
MIKE: Oh. Let me see.
(As Mike puts his hands there, Jerry, unaware, shuts the trunk again! It happens very fast--Mike's hands are slammed and he screams out in pain!)
[The Pomodoro Restaurant is a dark romantic place, roses at the tables. George is sitting at a table with Kramer.]
GEORGE: So--ah, Kramer. Why'd you ask me out to dinner? (amused) An' why Pomodoro?
(Just now, at one table in the background, a Woman is sad and dismayed, says, "How could you say that to me?" She cries..)
KRAMER: (quiet, delicately) Allison spoke to me, and um. She wanted me to speak to you.
GEORGE: (quiet) Uh-oh.
KRAMER: We all know that this relationship isn't working. So Allison an' I think that the best thing to do is just.. make a, clean break.
GEORGE: Can't we discuss this?
KRAMER: (reasoning) We just don't think you're ready for a serious relationship!
GEORGE: (dismayed) I didn't even know you wanted to get serious!
KRAMER: (dismayed) So what am I in this for? You know, I'm getting to a point in my life where I need something more than just.. a good time. (is tearing up)
GEORGE: (pause) Are you?
KRAMER: Wha--me? No! No. But she is.
GEORGE: I, I can't believe this is happening!
KRAMER: George, we're sorry.
(breathes in, pause) We're through..
GEORGE: Krama. Please.
KRAMER: (leaves, upset) Waaa-aa--aa! I'm sorry--
[Peterman and Peggy are sitting in his office. There are two empy chairs. The window overlooks central park.]
ELAINE: (entering, uneasy) Mr. Peterman, Peggy, I.. guess we, should just get this over with. (sits)
PETERMAN: Just Hold On a minute. Still One Short.
ELAINE: Oh. No, we're not--
PEGGY: Susie has been very rude to me.
PETERMAN: Well, Elaine, has nothing but Good things to say about Susie.
ELAINE: Look. (engaging smile) We don't have to name names, or, point fingers, or.. (breathes in) name names! (indicating empty chair) Me and her, have had our problems. She and I have had our problems! You and I, and she and you--
PETERMAN: Don't you drag me into this! This is between you and her, and her. (indicating empty chair)
ELAINE: Yes! And I am convinced that if she were here with us today, she would agree with me, too.
PETERMAN: Who.
ELAINE: (uh-oh) Her?
PETERMAN: Where is she?!
ELAINE: Ah--this is part of the problem!
PEGGY: Iiii thought I was, part of this problem.
ELAINE: (smiling, convincing) You're a, huuge part of the problem. But, I think that at it's core, this is a Susie-and-Elaine problem that requires, a Susie-and-Elaine solution! And, who better to do that than.. Elaine and Susie! Susie and Elaine!
PETERMAN: Well, now that we have that cleared up.. why don't the three of us have lunch.
ELAINE: (feigning hearing something) What?! Oh! Oh, I'm, coming! I--I gotta go. (rushes out!)
PETERMAN: She is The Best. What was your name again.
[Jerry's. Kramer and Jerry are talking. Jerry's eating lunch at his table.]
KRAMER: Mike's outside. He wants to talk to you.
JERRY: Well why doesn't he just come in?
KRAMER: Because he's scared, Jerry.
JERRY: Why is he scared.
KRAMER: (sighs, opens door) Come on in. Did you do this? (Mike has two hand casts on)
JERRY: Yeah, but--
KRAMER: Uh--ah--ah! You broke his thumbs.
JERRY: It was an accident.
KRAMER: Oh, is that what you call it when, Somebody doesn't Pay Up?
MIKE: (desperate) I'll get you the money, Jerry. I got a hundred dollars in my front pocket if you want to, reach in an' take it!
JERRY: (hands up) I don't want it that way.
KRAMER: Nuh! Okay Jerry, how about if Mike fixes your truuunk, we call it even, an' this way, nobody has to get hurt.
JERRY: (whatever) Fine..
MIKE: Oh--uh--thank you, Jerry, thank you! I won't forget this, I'm gonna fix your trunk good--real good!
(Mike's very grateful, and leaves with a two thumbs-up gesture. But he also can't help giving a thumbs-up--that's the position the casts hold his thumbs in. It's odd!)
KRAMER: See that was nice, Jerry. (under breath) Oh, by the way, I'm the one who broke your trunk.
JERRY: Ah, it's just a car.
(George comes up (the door's still open) and when he and Kramer see each other, there's an awkward, long pause. During the following, Jerry sits at the table silently watching, intrigued.)
GEORGE: Hi.
KRAMER: (looking down, nodding) Hi.
(Another pause. It's like they broke up--well they did, but they didn't.)
GEORGE: It's, funny runnin' into you here.
KRAMER: Yeah, yeah..
It's funny.
You look good..
GEORGE: (embarrassed/self-conscious about his gut) Do I? Thanks.. You too..
KRAMER: Ooo, yeah.. (indicating his face, embarrassed) (Heh, right.) You know, it's gettin' kind of late, I, I really have to be going, so, uh, it's nice seeing you again, all right--
GEORGE: (sad) Yeah! Yeah. Hey--hey you, you know.. Maybe I'll call you sometime.
KRAMER: George, it's over. It's just.. It's Over. (leaves)
GEORGE: (pause) What do you think, Jerry.
JERRY: (wistful) I don't know, I just see you guys together.
[Outside it's raining. Mike is working on Jerry's trunk, trying to get at the locking mechanism but it's hard with those casts on.]
MIKE: Thumbs!
(He gets into the trunk for better access. But it turns out Kramer is getting into his car, parked just ahead of Jerry's, and he bumps Jerry's car while backing up and the trunk slams shut. It locked this time!)
MIKE: (from inside the trunk) Oh! Help! Somebody, help! Help!
[That night, Elaine and Jerry are in the car, talking. He's driving.]
JERRY: So Peterman bought it? I can't believe you got away with that!
ELAINE: Well, I'm very fortunate to be surrounded by such stupidity.
JERRY: Yeah, I know how you feel.
(Meanwhile, Mike's yelping and banging in the trunk!)
ELAINE: Do you hear something?
JERRY: What?
(Meanwhile, Mike, in a now-hoarse voice is shouting, "Jerry?! Jerry?!")
JERRY: Oh, the trunk's broken, it's rattling.
ELAINE: Jerry, I don't know how much longer I can keep this up. They're starting to give Susie assignments now!
JERRY: Well, there's only one thing to do. Eliminate her.
ELAINE: What?
JERRY: (firmly matter-of-fact) Get Rid of Susie. Make her disappear.
ELAINE: I kinda like her.
JERRY: She's Gooone.
ELAINE: Jerry--
JERRY: (impatient) Gone! (starts maniacally laughing) (briefly stops to point and explain) That bumper sticker.
(They Both scream, laughing! In the trunk, Mike has heard most of the conversation! The laughing continues!)
MIKE: (desperately anxious) Oh God, I'm in trouble..
([At night, George is upset and knocking on Kramer's door.]
GEORGE: Krama. Open up! I--I know you're in there!
KRAMER: (opens door) Uh--George, uh--uh--it's five o'clock in the morning, what's the matter with you..
GEORGE: (sad) It's only four..
KRAMER: Huh?
GEORGE: I--I've been, walkin' around all night.. I've been thinkin' about Allison and me.. an' you--
KRAMER: Oh. Oh, George.
GEORGE: Please. Give me another chance.
KRAMER: (regretfully) Uh.. I know I'm gonna regret this. (sigh) All right.
GEORGE: (grateful, relieved) Thank you! I'm gonna make you both so happy!
KRAMER: All right, all right, I'll see ya later. (shuts door)
GEORGE: (delighted!) Woooo!
[The next day, Elaine's passing by the door of Peterman's office.]
PETERMAN: Elaine! Where's Susie? I want her to head up our new Fingerless Glove Division.
ELAINE: (quiet) Oh, but I thought I was in line for that assignment.
PETERMAN: Mmmmm--nah.
ELAINE: All right, then, I was gonna wait, to tell ya this, but.. last night, Susie.. (difficult subject, quiet) she took her own Life..
(Peterman grasps this, weepy in disappointment, "Oh!". Elaine comforts him.)
[Allison's apartment. Kramer knocks and Allison gets it.]
KRAMER: (happy, enthused) We're takin' George back--
ALLISON: What?!
KRAMER: He's gonna make us very happy.
(Allison looks doubtful/disappointed.)
[The Memorial service. Cars are packed into a small parking lot, end to end. Inside, there are chairs lined up in rows, most are filled. There's a podium on a riser, flowers everywhere.]
ELAINE: (quiet) Look at this turnout.
JERRY: (quiet) Where did Susie find the time to meet all these people..
ELAINE: (irritated) Your funeral's not gonna come close to this.
(They've found seats together in the row in front of Peggy, who looks like she's seeing a ghost!)
PEGGY: (to herself) Oh my god! (quiet) Susie?
ELAINE: (quiet) Oh, oh--ho--I'm not Susie.. I'm Elaine.
PEGGY: But I've been calling you Susie.
ELAINE: Oh! Hadn't noticed! Excuse me. (she's going to the podium)
PEGGY: I guess I never met Susie.
JERRY: (privately amused) Suze? I actually had a little thing with her for a while. (indicating Elaine) Her too.
(Elaine's now at the podium.)
ELAINE: What can you say about a girl like Susie? (she doesn't know..)
[Meanwhile, out in the parking lot, Peterman arrives in his little red convertible (top down), distracted with disappointment/sadness. He parks behind Jerry's car and bumps it. Jerry's trunk has unlatched but not popped open big. Peterman doesn't notice anything and goes in. Shortly after he passes, Mike comes out of the trunk, squinting in the daylight, his body is sore, he shuts the trunk]
[Tavern on the Green, at dusk. The Pinstripe Ball is starting. The walls there are mahogany, and there are short, decorative columns with flowers on top of them. Everyone is in tuxedos and gowns, and the music is mellow and quiet. George is waiting in a tux for Allison, but Kramer arrives in his rather tight tux. They talk quietly.]
KRAMER: Hey.
GEORGE: Where's uh, where's Allison..
KRAMER: Oh, Allison, she didn't want to come.
GEORGE: But you took me back.
KRAMER: Well, yeah, I did, but she's a tough nut. How d'ya like the tuxedo. It's a rental but I've had it for fifteen years. All right, eh. (heading in)
GEORGE: Where are you goin'..
KRAMER: The Ball, silly.
GEORGE: (afraid not) No no, no no no. You're not goin' in there.
KRAMER: George. I thought you were gonna Change.
GEORGE: (impatient) For her. Not for you.
KRAMER: (light admonishing, under breath) Let's just try, an' have a nice time for once, an' we'll talk about this when we get home..
(They start struggling quietly, Kramer's trying to just walk by, and George is trying to restrain him without attracting too much attention.)
GEORGE: All right, look--wait--wait--Krama--wait, wait a minute, you are not. You are not goin' in. Ah-ahhh!
(George had Kramer in a slightly spinning hold--by holding the back of Kramer's tux--but the material tore away, and this sent Kramer spinning into the room with the back torn off his tux! Strangely, this is well-received by Wilhelm!)
WILHELM: Wow! What an, Entrance! (friendly, to George) And eh, who might this be?
KRAMER: Oh, I'm with him.
WILHELM: Oh. Ah-ha..
[Meanwhile at the Memorial, Elaine is still at the podium. She has her chin in her hand while talking, weary of making up things and of acting mournful.]
ELAINE: And.. also, much like me, Susie hated going to the, Market.
PETERMAN: Elaine! May I say a few words.
ELAINE: Oh, god, yes, Mr. Peterman. (steps down)
PETERMAN: (steps up to the podium, refreshed) Ahhh. I don't think I'll ever be able to forget Susie--ahhh. And most of all, I will never, forget that one night. Working late on the catalogue. Juuust the two of us. And we surrendered to temptation. And it was Pretty Good.
JERRY: (proud to Peggy, under his breath) Yeah, but he didn't sleep with both of 'em. (winks)
(Elaine (who has returned to her seat) catches Jerry's eye. Though we don't see her face, his drops and he sobers it up.)
PETERMAN: But Iiii never heard her Cries for Help. (sighs) An' nowww.. Susie is gone.
MIKE: (running in, still hoarse, desperate!) Hold on! Hol--on! Susie didn't commit suicide! (rushes up to podium!) She was Murdered, by Jerry, Sein-feld!
(While Mike's pointing at Jerry and everyone's looking, Jerry looks back at Peggy again.)
JERRY: (smugly, under-his-breath) Not only that, I broke his thumbs.
(Peggy and Elaine look at him strangely as he grins during such an inappropriate moment.)
[After dark, Peterman and Elaine are sitting and talking in his office.]
PETERMAN: Elaine? Guess what. I've decided to Form a Charitable Foundation, in Susie's honor. And as Susie's best friend, I want you to be involved.
ELAINE: Mr. Peterman.. (leaning forward, whispering) I'm Susie.. She's me..
PETERMAN: (leans forward, whispers carefully) I feel the same way. (announcing) And that's why this foundation will meet around Your Schedule. Nights! Weekends! Every, Free Moment you have. (leaving, pats her shoulders confidently)
ELAINE: (looks up, screaming in frustration!) Suuuuuuuuuuze!
(During her screaming up to the air, the camera was over her, looking down, and turning around and around, just like it had when George found out that he was going to be running a foundation in honor of Susan!)
[Jenna's Apartment: Bathroom]
(Jerry is standing by the sink, preparing to brush his teeth. Jenna enters.)
JENNA: Morning.
JERRY: Morning.
(She hands him a tube of toothpaste.)
JENNA: Hope you don't mind baking soda flavour.
JERRY: (applying paste to brush) Ah, baking soda. Annoying little product. 'I can do this. I can do that.' Why doesn't this stuff just shut up?
JENNA: I'm gonna grab you a towel.
(Jenna leaves the bathroom. Jerry brushes his teeth. He clearly doesn't like the taste of the baking soda, and leans over the sink to spit. He puts his hand on the counter and knocks Jenna's toothbrush off the edge. The brush falls into the toilet bowl. )
(There is a shot from beneath the water in the toilet, looking up. Jerry's face looking down into the bowl, with an expression of shock and horror. )
(Jerry looks behind him, to see if Jenna has spotted him. He rolls up the sleeve of his dressing gown, grimaces, and plunges his hand into the toilet. He grabs the brush out, drops it on a shelf beside the mirror and immediately begins frantically washing his hands. As he completes this task, he raises his head and finds Jenna has returned. She is standing behind him, smiling as she brushes her teeth with the brush he just retrieved from the toilet. )
JERRY: Ooh-ooh
[Monk's]
(Jerry and George in a booth, as per usual.)
GEORGE: So?
JERRY: So? She used the toothbrush!
GEORGE: You said you grabbed it outta there real fast, right?
JERRY: Yeah.
GEORGE: So I'm sure whatever germs it landed on were knocked out, and by the time the rest of them realised what was going on, you had already grabbed it out.
JERRY: How many years of med school did you have?
GEORGE: Was she mad?
(Jerry says nothing, but pulls a face.)
GEORGE: You didn't tell her.
JERRY: Jenna's like me. She's very... (searches for word)
GEORGE: Finicky? Prissy? Fastidious?
JERRY: I'll take fastidious.
(George puts his keys on the table. On the ring is a miniature head, clearly a caricature of someone.)
JERRY: What is that?
GEORGE: Ahh, Steinbrenner gave 'em to us, in honour of Phil Rizzuto being inducted into the Hall of Fame.
(He squeezes the miniature head.)
HEAD: Holy cow!
JERRY: They don't actually have to squeeze his head to get him to say 'holy cow', do they?
GEORGE: Just the last few innings of a double-header.
(Kramer enters. He is carrying a battered sewing machine. He comes over.)
KRAMER: Hey. Look at this. I'm in the passing lane of the Arthur Berkhardt expressway, going seventy and (makes impact sound - pckergh!) Dragged this thing for five exits.
(He dumps the machine on the table and sits beside Jerry.)
JERRY: Why didn't you pull over?
KRAMER: Well I was draughting behind a semi. I didn't wanna lose him. The infrastructure, Jerry, it's crumbling.
(George squeezes the miniature head.)
HEAD: Holy cow!
KRAMER: Well, look at that. A talking Nixon.
[Elaine's Apartment/Chinese Restaurant]
(Elaine is calling for Chinese food. The scene flicks from her at home with the phone and a menu, to the restaurant owner taking the order.)
OWNER: China Panda.
ELAINE: Yeah, I'd like to place an order.
OWNER: Ah yes, what you like?
ELAINE: This Supreme Flounder, it says first time served in America. Is that true?
OWNER: What number?
ELAINE: Forty-seven.
OWNER: Yeah, first time. What else?
ELAINE: Uh, that's it.
OWNER: Address?
ELAINE: Seventy-eight, West Eighty-sixth Street. Apartment three E.
OWNER: That's southside. Sorry, we don't deliver below Eighty-sixth.
ELAINE: I'm not below.
OWNER: Yes you are. Street itself is boundary.
ELAINE: Your guy can't cross to my side?
OWNER: If we deliver to you, then what? Eighty-fifth Street, Wall Street, Mexico, Eighty-fourth Street.
ELAINE: Alright, fine. I'll just cross and meet him.
OWNER: Sorry, food only for those who live within boundary. (slams down phone)
(Elaine listens to the dial tone for a second. Then she pushes the redial.)
OWNER: (picks up phone) China Panda.
ELAINE: (using silly voice) Uh, yeah yeah. I'd like to place an order.
OWNER: Ah, what you like?
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Kramer enters. He's smoking a substantial cigar.)
KRAMER: Well, I'm a poppa.
JERRY: Bring it on. Nothing's throwing me at this point.
KRAMER: (handing Jerry a cigar) Well, as of today I am a proud parent of a one-mile stretch of the Arthur Berkhardt Expressway.
JERRY: Oh, that adopt-a-highway thing.
KRAMER: Yeah, I'm part of the solution now Jerry. Yeah, I went down there and I checked it out this morning. Here, take a look. Mile one-fourteen.
(He gets his wallet from his back pocket and shows Jerry a Polaroid snapshot in it.)
JERRY: Aw, looks just like you.
KRAMER: Aw, I'm beaming Jerry.
JERRY: So what d'you have to do? Pay to keep it clean?
KRAMER: They try to push you into using their cleaning crew, with all their so-called maintenance equipment.
JERRY: That old scam.
KRAMER: Yeah, well that's why I'm doing it all myself. This parenting isn't about delegating responsibility, it's about being there.
JERRY: At the side of the road, with a pile of garbage.
KRAMER: Quality time.
(George enters looking anxious, maybe borderline panicky. He stalks about the place, looking for something, frustratedly.)
GEORGE: Keys. I can't find my keys.
JERRY: You lost Phil Rizzuto's head?!
GEORGE: Have you seen 'em?
JERRY: No.
GEORGE: Dammit!
KRAMER: C'mon, retrace your steps. What d'you do today?
GEORGE: I got up, I was supposed to go to work, I came here instead.
KRAMER: Right.
JERRY: Well, they're not here. You'll have to dig up your spare set.
GEORGE: I don't have a spare set. All my keys say 'do not duplicate'.
JERRY: So?
GEORGE: So you can't duplicate 'em.
(At this, Jerry and Kramer exchange a look, and laugh.)
KRAMER: Sure you can. (to Jerry) Such a sweet kid.
[Street]
(Elaine stands on the sidewalk, waiting for someone. She looks up the street and sees a Chinese delivery boy approaching with a bag of food. She ducks into the entranceway to the apartment building behind her, and then effects to be coming out of the building as the delivery boy gets there.)
ELAINE: Oh. Oh, hi. China Panda?
DELIVERY BOY: (suspicious) Why you waiting on the street and not in your apartment?
ELAINE: I... thought that I would meet you halfway.
(She takes the bag of food.)
DELIVERY BOY: You really live here?
ELAINE: Oh yeah. (handing over money) There you go, keep the change. Bye now. I'll see you.
(Elaine walks back towards the door to the building. She expects the boy to leave, but he's still suspicious, and waits. Elaine tries the door, but it's locked. She looks, and the boy still waits. Elaine tries the door harder, but it won't yield. She admits defeat and hands the food back, and receives her money. The delivery boy walks off.)
ELAINE: (at the boy's back) This isn't fair. This is address discrimination!
[Another Street]
(George is standing outside a store, looking preoccupied. Jerry emerges from the store with a carrier bag full of stuff.)
JERRY: Well, I cleaned out their whole dental hygiene shelf.
GEORGE: So the plan is to secretly sterilise her mouth?
(They begin to walk along the street.)
JERRY: By the time I'm through with her mouth, she'll be able to eat off it. Is it safe to drink bleach if you dilute it?
GEORGE: No, stings the throat. Anyway, so I was coming along here, and I felt like a piece of cake, you know? But then I thought, it's morning, I should really have a muffin. I like those chocolate chip ones. Then I figured, well, they're really both cake. So I, uh, I sat on that bench for a little while, twenty minutes or an hour, and then I figured, check and see what you were up to. (a thought occurs to him) Wait a minute, wait a minute. The broad jump! The broad jump over the pothole on Eighty-sixth Street!
(George dashes off excitedly. Jerry follows, with somewhat less enthusiasm. )
[Eighty-sixth Street]
(George is still animatedly leading Jerry along in pursuit of his keys.)
GEORGE: Now I remember, as I jumped over the hole I heard a, like a jingling sound.
JERRY: You didn't look down?
GEORGE: I was trying to stick the landing. (indistinct) ...was right around here.
(He peers about at the road surface for the pothole. He finds a patch of fresh tarmac.)
GEORGE: No! No!!
(A car drives by, running right over the patch.)
HEAD (O.C.): Holy, Holy Cow!
JERRY: Poor son of a bitch.
[Jenna's Apartment]
(Jenna is at the sink in her bathroom, using an electric toothbrush which Jerry has bought her. It's loud.)
JERRY: It's a hundred thousand revolutions a second. It's the most powerful one they make.
JENNA: It's like I'm holding a blender.
JERRY: The engine's made by McDonnell-Douglas.
(Jerry begins to wander into the living room. Jenna switches off the brush.)
JERRY: Oh no, you keep going. It shuts off automatically.
JENNA: (restarting and reapplying the brush) Really, it does?
JERRY: (unheard by Jenna) When the battery runs out.
JENNA: (shouting to Jerry) I was really happy with my old toothbrush.
(In the living room, Jerry is carefully putting the old brush into a plastic bag, being very careful not to touch it with his bare skin. He then seals the bag.)
JERRY: No, trust me, that one was doing more harm than good. Don't forget to use the Plax too.
(Jenna takes a sip from a glass as if to gargle.)
JENNA (O.C.): That stuff tastes like bleach!
(Jerry is looking for a place to put the soiled brush.)
JERRY: I don't know anything about that.
(Just before Jenna emerges from the bathroom, Jerry throws the bag with the brush out of the window.)
JENNA: Mmm. My mouth feels so clean.
JERRY: That's the idea.
(Jenna approaches Jerry, clearly intending to kiss him. As Jenna leans toward him, Jerry gets a flashback of the toothbrush plunging into the toilet bowl, in black and white, with portentous music. From his viewpoint, we see Jenna's lips looming toward him. He looks nauseated by the prospect of the kiss, and pulls away.)
JERRY: You know, maybe we better not. I, I think I'm getting a little cold. I don't wanna give you any of my germs.
JENNA: Aww. Okay. Thanks, I guess.
[Jerry's Car]
(Jerry driving with Elaine in the passenger seat.)
ELAINE: You still couldn't kiss her?
JERRY: She has a taint. I can't see it, but I know it's there.
ELAINE: Oh, so now you're finding fault on a sub-atomic level.
JERRY: Maybe if I could shrink myself down, like in Fantastic Voyage, and get inside a microscopic submarine, I could be sure. Although if there was something there, it might be pretty scary. Course, I would have that laser.
ELAINE: Jer, do you see where this is going?
JERRY: Being really clean and happy?
ELAINE: Jerry, you have tendencies. They're always annoying, but they were just tendencies. But now, if you can't kiss this girl, I'm afraid we're talking disorder.
JERRY: Disorder?
ELAINE: And from disorder, you're a quirk or two away from full-on dementia.
JERRY: (thoughtful) Hmm, that could hurt me. (pointing out of window) Hey, there it is.
(We see Jerry and Elaine's view of the road signs. 'Mile 114' 'Adopt-a-Highway' and 'Litter removal next 1 Mile KRAMER'.)
ELAINE: Shall we stop and say hi?
JERRY: Nah, we've seen it.
ELAINE: Yeah.
[Mile 114]
(Kramer is standing on the verge beside a large pile of plastic bags full of trash, a couple of brooms lean against the crash barrier. He has an armful of assorted garbage. Jerry's car passes in the traffic, and a brief beep of the horn is heard.)
KRAMER: (shouting after car) Hey Jerry! Yeah, I'll see you back at the house!
(He drops the last handful of trash into a bag.)
KRAMER: Mile one-fourteen, clean as a whistle.
(He claps his hands in satisfaction, and looks out at 'his' road. He notices something. In the middle of the road is a Coke can, crushed by traffic.)
(Kramer makes a decision, and dashes out into the traffic to retrieve the can. His progress to the can is accompanied by the squeal of brakes and the blare of horns as the traffic passes him. As he reaches the can, one car has to come to a complete stop. Kramer grabs the can and hurries back to the side of the road, where he leans on the barrier.)
[Apartment Building]
(Elaine is in the hallway of a building, outside Apartment 1A. She knocks at the door and a guy opens it.)
MAN: Yeah?
ELAINE: Hi. I'm your neighbour, uh, fr... from across the street. And uh, (coughs nervously) I was wondering, if it wouldn't be too much trouble, if I could use your apartment to order some food?
MAN: Wha? What d'you want?
ELAINE: You see, there's this certain flounder and they won't deliver it to my side of the street.
MAN: Wh, when is that?
ELAINE: No, I just need them to deliver it here and I have to be kinda inside is all.
MAN: Who are you with?
ELAINE: No, actually I'm... I'm just kind of hungry.
MAN: Who let you in?
ELAINE: Well, the lock was broken. You just have to jiggle it, actually. But, I just need like a half an hour to an hour.
(The man shuts the door in her face.)
(Elaine turns to leave, and as she does she sees an unmarked door opposite which stands open. She crosses over for a closer look. It's clearly a janitor's closet, with the usual fixings. A thought occurs to Elaine, and a smile comes to her face.)
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Jerry has just entered and is removing his coat. Kramer is in the kitchen cleaning highway signs in the sink.)
JERRY: What's with the signs?
KRAMER: Hey, you should see the Berkhardt, Jerry. My mile is spotless. I mean the big stuff was easy. Cinderblocks, air-conditioners, shopping carts (makes sound - fzup!), I just rolled 'em into the woods.
JERRY: Yeah, that stuff's all natural anyway.
KRAMER: (holding up a sign) Speed limit, one hundred and sixty-five miles per hour. See? They slipped a one in there. (laughing) Those kids with the spray paint, God love 'em.
(George enters.)
JERRY: Hey. So, keys?
GEORGE: No keys. And I been calling the city all day. Course there's not really a number to call if you wanna make a pothole.
JERRY: I guess they leave that up to the general population.
GEORGE: I tell you this. If the real Phil Rizzuto was down there, this wouldn't be happening!
JERRY: Hard to say.
KRAMER: Hey, you need some roadwork done? 'Cos I met some maintenance guys today on the highway, they could probably help you out.
GEORGE: Really?
KRAMER: Oh yeah, yeah. I borrowed some cones from them when I was sweeping my car-pool lane.
(The buzzer buzzes.)
JERRY: Yeah?
JENNA (O.C.): It's Jenna.
(Jerry buzzes Jenna in, opens the door and indicates to George and Kramer that their presence is no longer required.)
JERRY: If you guys wouldn't mind, I would like to ward off dementia.
(George and Kramer leave, still discussing the maintenance guys.)
GEORGE: You think you could hook me up with these guys?
KRAMER: Oh yeah, yeah. Give me a ring tomorrow. I'm gonna be at emergency callbox seven-eight-four.
GEORGE: Seven-eight-four.
(Jenna enters.)
JENNA: Hey.
JERRY: Hi.
JENNA: How you feeling?
JERRY: Good. My cold's gone, and I've been looking forwards to kissing you, which I'm ready to do now, if you are ready.
(Jenna moves in for the kiss. As she leans towards Jerry, he gets that revolted look on his again and turns his face away.)
JENNA: What?!
JERRY: Nothing. I just, I uh, I bruised my lip. I was drinking a Celray, and I brought it up too fast and I banged it into my lip, (lower voice and hurriedly) and then I knocked your toothbrush into the toilet and I wasn't able to tell you before you could use it.
JENNA: What?
JERRY: I'm sorry.
JENNA: When were you gonna tell me this?!
JERRY: Obviously never.
(The door opens and Kramer enters.)
KRAMER: I need the yield sign.
(Kramer goes and begins to gather the signs from the kitchen.)
JERRY: Kramer, I'm kind of in the middle of something. Would you get these signs out of here, please?
(Kramer brings his signs from the kitchen and Jerry picks up those which were on his table. Together they carry them across the hall to Kramer's apartment.)
KRAMER: You could've introduced me.
JERRY: I wouldn't know where to start.
(As Jerry is about to return to his apartment, the door is slammed shut. He tries to open it, but it has been locked.)
JERRY: (knocking) Hey, Jenna. Hey!
(Jenna opens the door, she has her jacket in her hand and is ready to leave.)
JENNA: There. Now something of yours has been in the toilet.
JERRY: What?! Wha... what'd you put in there?
JENNA: Gotta run.
(Jenna departs, leaving Jerry looking around him. He's wide-eyed, looking panicky and disgusted.)
JERRY: Oh, man!
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Jerry is on the phone. His table is covered with bottles of cleaning fluids, disinfectants, etc.. He is wearing a rubber glove to hold a spatula. Elaine is eating an apple and watching him.)
JERRY: (into phone) Hello, Jenna, did you dunk the spatula? Was it the spatula? Hello? Dammit!
(Frustrated, he throws the spatula into the waste bin.)
ELAINE: She won't even give you a hint?
JERRY: No. Could be anything. The whole apartment's a biohazard.
ELAINE: You know what I bet it is? (points) Your remote.
JERRY: Yes, that is a definite possibility.
(He picks up the remote control and drops it into a waste bin.)
ELAINE: (walking to the couch) Or, could be your walkman there.
(Jerry picks up the walkman and begins to deposit it in the trash, then a thought occurs to him. Elaine sits on the couch and picks up the phone.)
JERRY: Are you just screwing with me?
ELAINE: Yeah, I am.
(Jerry thinks for a second, then he throws the walkman in the garbage anyway. Kramer enters carrying a box.)
KRAMER: Hey ah.
JERRY: Hey, how's life on the road?
KRAMER: Oh, I'm making a difference Jerry.
JERRY: I don't doubt it.
(Kramer puts his box on the kitchen counter.)
KRAMER: You should see the smiles on the drivers' faces. I mean, you gotta look quick, but they're there.
(From the box, Kramer picks up square orange reflective objects.)
JERRY: What's this?
KRAMER: Well, you know, those annoying little bumps on the lane-lines? (makes noise - bum, bum, bum, bum, bump)
JERRY: Isn't that some kind of safety thing?
KRAMER: Well, I had to pull 'em up if I'm gonna widen the lanes.
JERRY: What the hell are you talking about?
KRAMER: Ah, you know how in planes they got first class? More leg room, better ride? Well, I'm bringing that concept to mile one-fourteen.
(Elaine has the receiver from the phone held to her ear.)
ELAINE: How are you gonna widen the lanes?
KRAMER: Well you black out lane-lines one and three, and a four-lane highway becomes a two-lane comfort cruise. (to Jerry) So, you got any black paint?
JERRY: (sarcasm) Yeah, in my toolshed, next to the riding mower.
ELAINE: (into phone) Yuh, I'd like an order of supreme flounder, number forty-seven. Yeah, apartment one-Q.
JERRY: One-Q? Whose apartment is that?
ELAINE: That's the janitor closet, across the street.
JERRY: You're pretending to live in a janitor's closet, just to get this flounder?
ELAINE: It's better than eating it alone in the restaurant, like some loser.
(Kramer is applying something from Jerry's table of cleaning fluids, etc, to his neck, like a cologne.)
KRAMER: That stuff is unbelievable. I'd eat it out of a dumpster.
ELAINE: (heading to door) How do you know about it? You're not in the delivery zone.
KRAMER: Well, Newman uses his mail truck to run fish for China Panda on the weekends.
ELAINE: Well, mine's coming in ten, so... see you boys.
(Elaine leaves.)
KRAMER: Now, where's that tool shed of yours?
[Apartment Building]
(The delivery boy from China Panda in the hallway. He knocks at the door to the janitor's closet. He looks at the label on the door, which is a piece of tape with '1Q' crudely written in magic marker. He waits for a couple of seconds then knocks again. Elaine opens the door, with a towel wrapped around her head, as if her hair is wet.)
ELAINE: Hi. Sorry, I didn't hear you. I was in the shower.
(She takes the bag with her order and hands over some money. The delivery boy is trying to see past her into the 'apartment'.)
ELAINE: I'll see you.
(She shuts the door, leaving the delivery boy looking a tad bemused.)
[Eighty-sixth Street]
(George stands by the filled pothole. A highway maintenance truck is parked next to it. A trio of workers approach George, and the senior man speaks.)
RALPH: You Costanza?
GEORGE: Yeah. Thanks for, thanks for coming by fellas. Eh, got a set of keys, buried in the pothole.
RALPH: What're the keys doing in there?
GEORGE: Just need to uh, to dig 'em up.
RALPH: You put 'em in there?
GEORGE: Nah, nah, it's uh, it's a long story. Just uh, try to get it up.
RALPH: Bad place to put your keys.
GEORGE: Yeah, I know that. (clears throat) Could you start, working?
RALPH: Difficult job. You want those keys, we're gonna have to dig this up.
GEORGE: (penny drops) Oh, uh, wait a minute, wait a minute. (snorts) Is this about money?
RALPH: Yeah. (snorts) It's about money.
[Mile 114]
(Kramer is driving his car slowly along the Expressway. On either side of his boot is balanced an orange road cone. The traffic is passing him, and the blare of horns is regularly heard.)
(Kramer opens the driver side door. He picks up a paint roller, and loads it with black paint from a tray on the passenger seat. Then he leans out of the door and rolls the paint over the lane markers, still steering the car with his other hand.)
[Apartment Building]
(Elaine emerges from the janitor's closet. She's wiping her lips, following the flounder repast. As she does so, a woman walking along the hall notices her.)
MRS ALLISTER: 'Scuse me, what are you doing in there?
ELAINE: Uhm, nothing. I was just uhm... I wasn't in there.
MRS ALLISTER: You were hanging around in there, lazing on the job. When you shoulda been downstairs in the basement, cleaning out those old carpets and scrap wood.
ELAINE: Right, because... I'm the janitor. (picks teeth with fingernail)
MRS ALLISTER: Don't get smart with me.
ELAINE: (meek) Yes ma'am.
[Kramer's Apartment]
(Kramer is in bed. His alarm goes off, and the radio comes on in the middle of the traffic report. Kramer wakes up and listens.)
RADIO: Hey, and if you're heading north on the Arthur Berkhardt, whoah Nelly, for some reason four lanes are converging into two, instantaneously right at mile-marker one-fourteen. I don't know what that is, but the A-B's a parking lot out there. Somebody screwed up on that one.
(By the end of the report, Kramer looks slightly worried.)
[Janitor's Closet]
(Elaine stands waiting in the closet. There's the usual paraphernalia - buckets, brooms, cleaning materials, stepladder, boxes, etc.. There's a knock at the door. Elaine opens it to find Jerry.)
ELAINE: Oh it's you.
JERRY: Is the flounder here yet?
ELAINE: No, it's not here yet. You want the tour?
(Jerry enters, and Elaine closes the door.)
ELAINE: (gesturing) There's this.
JERRY: Nice. French doors'd really open this place up. Oh, but you have a slop-bucket.
(There's another knock at the door.)
ELAINE: (gleeful) The fish!
(She opens the door to find George. He's wearing a tartan workshirt.)
ELAINE: Ah, what're you doing here?
GEORGE: Hey.
JERRY: Hey.
(George joins Jerry and Elaine in the closet. It's getting a bit cramped.)
GEORGE: Oh, I was uh, I was waiting downstairs for the jackhammer, thought I'd drop by.
JERRY: Kramer's guys?
GEORGE: Yeah. I got 'em down to fifty bucks. I just have to do all the jackhammering myself.
JERRY: Oh that's nice, kind of a hard-labour fantasy camp.
(The door is pushed open from the outside. It thumps into George who is pushed into Elaine, who stumbles into Jerry.)
GEORGE: Ow!
ELAINE: Uh, man!
(Kramer enters the now crowded closet.)
KRAMER: Huh, yeah. (looks round) Oh, sweet setup. Elaine, d'you have any paint thinner? I need like uh, forty gallons.
ELAINE: I'm plumb out.
KRAMER: Oh man, if I don't get that black paint off the City's gonna go ape. I don't wanna lose my baby!
(There's yet another knock at the door. More strident.)
MRS ALLISTER (O.C.): Janitor?
ELAINE: (to the guys) Uh, Mrs Allister. (louder) Yeah, uh, just coming Mrs Allister. (to guys) Okay, I've gotta get out.
(Elaine struggle to squeeze past George, and then Kramer to reach the door. The she has to make room to swing the door inwards.)
ELAINE: Here, can you move, you gotta move from the door.
(She succeeds in squeezing out, and stumbles into the hallway. The crush behind her slams the door shut.)
ELAINE: Hi, I uhm... What can I do for you?
MRS ALLISTER: I told you yesterday to haul that trash outta the basement.
ELAINE: Yeah, I am so sorry.
MRS ALLISTER: Some of the children have been playing near it and putting it in their mouths.
ELAINE: Well, a lot of it is vegetable...
(In the closet, the guys are struggling together with equipment and supplies in the cramped space. The thumps of their movements can be heard in the hallway.)
MRS ALLISTER: Get that stuff outta there today, or you'll be outta here. Understand?
ELAINE: (meekly) Yes ma'am.
(The janitor's closet door opens and the guys stumble out.)
GEORGE: ...stop pushing. (to Elaine) Kramer spilled ammonia.
JERRY: I don't feel like eating.
KRAMER: (holding up a set of heavy chains) I'm gonna borrow this, huh?
ELAINE: (to Mrs Allister) Janitor's meeting.
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Jenna enters and sits, Jerry closes the door behind her. It is clear that Jerry has gone overboard in his efforts to dispose of whatever was contaminated - his kitchen shelves are bare, and most other surfaces are free of the usual knick-knacks.)
JENNA: So Jerry, why'd you call me?
JERRY: Well, I thought it's about time we put aside all this silliness. I know now you didn't put anything in my toilet bowl. (pause) Did you?
JENNA: Yes, I did.
JERRY: Well, whatever. So, how've you been?
JENNA: Good.
JERRY: Good. (pause) Steak knife?
JENNA: Just eating away at you isn't it?
JERRY: Nah.
(The door opens and Elaine enters.)
ELAINE: Hi.
JENNA: Hi.
JERRY: Hi.
ELAINE: Hi. Jerry, can I borrow your car?
JERRY: For what?
ELAINE: I have to haul some dirty garbage to the dump.
JERRY: Dirt? That's alright, (for Jenna's benefit) because there's nothing wrong with dirt.
ELAINE: Well, actually it's pretty grimy.
JERRY: Grime, grease, filth, funk, ooze. Whatever it is, you take that stuff and put it right on my leather upholstery.
(He hands the keys to Elaine.)
ELAINE: Well, I don't know who you are, but thanks for the car.
JERRY: Sure. Bye.
ELAINE: Bye.
JENNA: Bye.
ELAINE: Bye.
(Elaine leaves.)
JERRY: There, you see? I just leant her my car, and she's gonna fill it with all sorts of... (he cracks) Alright! You win! That car was my last germ-free sanctuary. I slept there last night! Now, for the love of God, please, what is it? What is it?!
JENNA: Toilet brush.
JERRY: Toilet brush, oh (he pulls a 'Damn, shoulda guessed!' face). Alright, I can replace that.
JENNA: You wanna order dinner?
JERRY: Yeah. Let's uh, go to your place. Because I, threw out all my dishes.
[Eighty-sixth Street]
(Elaine strides along the sidewalk looking very blue-collar in overalls and cap, grimy face, etc. She has some old carpet slung over one shoulder and some paint cans in her hand. A jackhammer can be heard. As she walks along, she passes George who is holding the jackhammer. She nods acknowledgment and he touches the peak of his hardhat. George gives the pothole a burst from the jackhammer.)
[Street]
(Kramer struggles to lift a forty-gallon drum into the boot of his car. He eventually heaves it in.)
[Jenna's Apartment]
(Jerry and Jenna, sitting on the couch, eating and conversing (looks like Chinese food).)
JERRY: That's true.
JENNA: Mm.
JERRY: But, I'll tell you this much. I am never going to let some silly hygienic mishap get in the way of, what could be, a meaningful, long-lasting relationship.
[Eighty-sixth Street]
(George is giving the street a long burst from the jackhammer. Suddenly, there is a clang. George stops hammering, and listens. There is a deep rumbling sound, from beneath his feet, which seems to be getting louder. He looks around for the source of the noise.)
[Jenna's Apartment]
(Jenna and Jerry are still eating on the couch. The rumbling noise can be heard,
though not so loud as outside. Then, in the bathroom, the toilet starts to
rattle.)
JENNA: Do you hear something?
(They both listen intently. The rumble continues and, in the bathroom, the toilet
rattles again, the cistern shaking.)
JERRY: I don't know what that could be.
(Jenna gets up and goes to the bathroom door.)
[Eighty-sixth Street]
(There is a rending sound, and a huge jet of water erupts from the ground right in front of George, where he was hammering. There is a shot from above the rising column of water. On the top rises George's keyring.)
HEAD: Holy cow!
(The plume of water rises high above George, who can be seen looking up at the height of it.)
[Jenna's Apartment]
(In the bathroom, Jenna is peering curiously at her rattling toilet, wondering what's wrong. She leans toward the bowl. Jerry is in the living room, still talking to her.)
JERRY: Anyway, I'm a new man, and I'm looking towards the future. Clean, dirty, whatever.
(There is the sound of a wet explosion and splashing water, followed by Jenna screaming in the bathroom. Jerry leaps to his feet and rushes to see what has happened.)
(Jerry enters the bathroom and sees Jenna. Only her forearm is visible to us, but it's enough for us to know that she is wringing wet as the result of a violent eruption from the toilet bowl.)
(Jerry's face registers his obvious distaste. He shrugs, sorry.)
JERRY: Holy cow! Have a nice life.
(He closes the bathroom door as he leaves.)
[Jerry's Car]
(Elaine driving. The passenger seats are piled with the garbage from the basement - old carpets, bits of timber, boxes, etc. An external shot of the car reveals she is driving on Kramer's section of road, as the black-painted lane markers can be seen.)
ELAINE: Hey, look at this. Wide lanes. This is so luxurious. Woo, yeah.
(We see the Saab weave across the extra wide lanes. From the boot falls a battered sewing machine. It sits in the middle of the carriageway.)
[Arthur Berkhardt Expressway]
(Kramer is manhandling the forty gallon drum out of his boot. He struggles to heave it clear, and then he drops it. The drum falls onto its side, and the lid comes off, spilling the contents across the road.)
KRAMER: Bugger!
[Newman's Truck]
(Newman is singing as he drives. Beside him are a stack of boxes, marked 'Fresh Fish'.)
NEWMAN: (sings) You're once. Twice. Three times a lady.
(There's a loud crash as the truck runs over the sewing machine. Tyres squeal as Newman regains control.)
NEWMAN: What the hell was that?
(The truck is travelling along with the sewing machine caught on the front axle. As it scrapes along the road, it leaves a huge trail of sparks behind.)
[Arthur Berkhardt Expressway]
(Kramer rights the empty drum and does a double-take as he notices the warning
labels on the side - 'Paint Thinner' 'Highly Flammable'.)
KRAMER: Double bugger!
[Newman's Truck]
(Newman still singing, although the grinding sound of the sewing machine is almost drowning out his voice. The sewing machine is still producing a shower of sparks under the truck.)
NEWMAN: (sings) Yes, you're once. Twice. Three times...
(Suddenly, the truck clearly reaches the pool of thinner and the sparks ignite it. Flames shoot up around the truck, and are reflected in the windows. Newman begins screaming and yelling in the midst of the inferno.)
NEWMAN: Aaah! Aaagh! Aah-aah. Oh, oh the humanity! Aaagh!
[Arthur Berkhardt Expressway]
(Kramer finally manages to get the drum back into his boot and slams the lid down. Then he sees Newman staggering along the road. Newman is walking stiffly, and is singed all over, with blackened patches on his hair and clothing. He's staring ahead, clearly in such a state of shock that he's uncomprehending of his surroundings.)
KRAMER: Hey buddy. What're you doing out here?
(Newman continues to walk, oblivious of Kramer.)
KRAMER: Man, did you see that fireball? Woo-hoo-hoo, hoo-hoo.
(Newman still doesn't respond. In the distance the sound of sirens can be heard. Kramer hears them, looks worried, and moves toward the car.)
KRAMER: Hey, I gotta skedaddle. You wanna lift?
(Kramer has the driver's door open and is impatient to be off. The sirens
continue.)
KRAMER: Newman! Newman!!
(Kramer gets in the car and leans out of the window to call to Newman.)
KRAMER: Well, I'll meet you at the coffee shop.
(He starts the car, and leaves with a squeal of protesting tyres. Newman continues his walk.)
(As the Castle Rock logo comes up, Newman can be heard screaming 'Aargh!'. )
[Subway Train]
(Jerry and Elaine sit side by side on a subway train. They're both reading newspapers, when something occurs to Jerry.)
JERRY: You know at the movies, they show that little ad for the concession stand?
ELAINE: Where the cartoon candy's dancing and the Milk Dud's playing the banjo?
JERRY: He's wailing on that banjo.
ELAINE: Yeah.
JERRY: I just don't understand the raisinettes.
ELAINE: The sax player?
JERRY: Yeah.
ELAINE: Yeah.
JERRY: The box of raisinettes runs up to the concession stand, buys another box of raisinettes.
ELAINE: So?
JERRY: Box of raisinettes eating another box of raisinettes? It's perverse.
ELAINE: HE's not gonna eat them. He's buying 'em for his Pepsi girlfriend.
JERRY: Why's he dating a Pepsi? They're not having children.
ELAINE: He's a musician.
JERRY: Musicians. Get a real job.
(They shrug and return to their reading.)
[Monk's]
(George is sitting at the counter perusing a magazine. The waitress comes over to take his order.)
WAITRESS: What d'you want?
GEORGE: Ah, I've had everything on the menu. Uh, surprise me.
(The waitress disappears out back. George goes back to reading. Behind him, a beautiful woman enters, and approaches him.)
DANIELLE: (to George) Neil.
(The woman touches George on his shoulder, to get his attention.)
DANIELLE: Neil.
(George turns to face the woman.)
DANIELLE: (apologetic) Oh, I am sorry. (smiling broadly) I'm supposed to meet my boyfriend here. He looks just like you.
GEORGE: (bemused) Really?
DANIELLE: (smiling) Yeah.
GEORGE: (pointing to himself) Like me?
DANIELLE: Uh-huh. Sorry.
(Danielle walks away with a wave. George sits there, looking stunned.)
GEORGE: (confused, to himself) Like me? But how?
(The waitress returns from the back and puts a plate down on the counter before George.)
WAITRESS: Here's your halibut omelette. Surprised?
GEORGE: Yes, yes, I am.
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Jerry has a suitcase on the table, packing for a trip. Kramer has brought in a large paper bag, from which he pulls a blue t-shirt.)
KRAMER: Look what I got for you, for your Florida trip. Crazy Shirts was closing 'em out. I got a dozen for a buck.
Kramer holds the shirt up against Jerry and admires it. On the front of the shirt is the legend '#1 DAD'.
KRAMER: Saved a fortune. Look at that. Heyy.
JERRY: (reading, unimpressed) Ohh, 'Number 1 Dad'.
KRAMER: Yeah.
JERRY: (examining the label) Ooh, and it's in medium. Perfect.
(George enters.)
KRAMER: Hey.
GEORGE: Hey.
JERRY: Hey.
GEORGE: Hey. You ready?
JERRY: Almost.
KRAMER: Okay, look, uh, when you're in Florida, can my cigar guy drop off some Cubans for me at your parents' house?
JERRY: (reluctant) Kramer, I'm helping my parents move into their new condo. I'm gonna be busy.
KRAMER: Aw, c'mon man. Help a brother out.
JERRY: (grudging) Alright.
KRAMER: Yeahh. I owe you one.
JERRY: (holding up the '# DAD' shirt) We're even.
(Kramer leaves. George has got himself a bottle of water from the fridge and wanders into the living room, talking.)
GEORGE: Jerry, figure this out. I'm in the coffee shop, and this beautiful girl I could never even talk to, mistakes me for her boyfriend.
JERRY: (continuing to pack) That's a nice four seconds.
GEORGE: (incredulous) I look just like him. I. Me. (flings his arms out) This! This is what her boyfriend looks like. How is that possible?
JERRY: Maybe he has money.
GEORGE: (wondering) Maybe he doesn't. Maybe he and I are exactly the same, except for one minor, yet crucial, detail. You never know.
JERRY: (zipping up his bag) Sometimes you do.
GEORGE: Maybe it's some small thing I could change. Like a moustache. Or wearing a top hat, or a monocle, or a..or a cane.
JERRY: (picking up his bag and coat) Who's she dating? Mr Peanut?
(Jerry opens the door as George looks at him.)
GEORGE: (pointedly) She could do a lot worse than Mr Peanut, my friend.
(George leaves, followed by Jerry.)
[Outside Movie Theatre]
(Elaine and her latest boyfriend are standing in line.)
BLAINE: So, what d'you wanna see?
ELAINE: (indicating a movie poster) What about Sack Lunch?
BLAINE: (indicating another poster) How about The English Patient? It's up for all those Oscars.
(Elaine pulls a face, like she's really not interested in seeing Blaine's choice.)
ELAINE: Oh, c'mon Blaine. I mean, look at the poster for Sack Lunch.
BLAINE: It's a family in a brown paper bag.
ELAINE: (laughing) Don't you wanna know how they got in there?
BLAINE: No.
(Elaine and Blaine reach the front of the queue, just as the guy in the ticket booth puts a sign up on the window saying 'Sack Lunch Sold Out'.)
ELAINE: (disappointment) Aww. Sold out.
BLAINE: (to the booth guy) Oh, two for The English Patient.
(Elaine continues to study the Sack Lunch poster, while Blaine buys tickets.)
ELAINE: So d'you think they got shrunk down, or is it just a giant sack?
[Monk's]
(Danielle, the beautiful woman, is paying at the register. George enters and sees her.)
GEORGE: (smiling) Uh, hi. Uhm, remember me? I..I'm the guy who looks like Neil?
DANIELLE: (smiling back) Hi.
GEORGE: Huh-Hi. (looks around a little) Uhm, is Neil here?
DANIELLE: Oh, no. He got held up at work.
GEORGE: Oh, that's too bad. I kinda wanted to meet him, seeing as how we look so similar.
DANIELLE: Well, you know, you don't look that much like him.
GEORGE: (disappointment) Oh. Course not.
DANIELLE: No, you're a little taller.
(George looks ever more bewildered.)
DANIELLE: You look like you're in better shape than Neil. Do you work out?
GEORGE: (smiling) Listen, I..I..I don't mean to seem forward...
(Danielle looks like she thinks George is hitting on her, and she's not against the idea.)
GEORGE: ...but is there any way that I could possibly have Neil's phone number?
(Now it's Danielle's time to look surprised and bewildered.)
[Outside Movie Theatre]
(Elaine and Blaine emerge from the exit, having seen The English Patient.)
ELAINE: (very dissatisfied) Why is everyone talking about "The English Patient, it's so romantic". (vehement) God, that movie stunk!
BLAINE: I kinda liked it.
ELAINE: (firm) No you didn't.
(From the exit emerge several of Elaine's friends, who hurry over to see her. They're all holding tissues.)
CAROL: Elaine. Elaine, did you just see The English Patient?
GAIL: (tearful) Didn't you love it?
LISA: How could you not love that movie?
ELAINE: How about, it sucked?
CAROL: That Ralph Fiennes, I would give up my firstborn for him.
ELAINE: (aside) Huhh, getting the short end of that stick.
(Blaine gives Elaine a strange look.)
[Recreation Center, Del Boca Vista]
(Jerry and Morty walk into a room which contains some fitness equipment - exercise bike, weights, etc.)
MORTY: Jerry, this is Del Boca Vista's new physical fitness room. They got medicine balls, you can bike ride, anything you want.
JERRY: Stairmaster?
MORTY: What?
JERRY: Nothin'.
MORTY: (opening his tracksuit top) See what I'm wearing?
(Morty has on the '#1 DAD' shirt.)
JERRY: Oh, did you get that outta my bag?
MORTY: No, your mother found it. Son, this is the most wonderful and thoughtful thing you've ever done for me.
JERRY: You know, I bought you a Cadillac. Twice.
(In through the door comes a really old guy. He jogs slowly in, and begins doing physical jerks as Morty talks to Jerry.)
MORTY: Hoh, here he is. This is the man I wanted you to see. Izzy Mandelbaum. He's eighty years old, but strong as an ox. (pointing) Watch this.
(Izzy picks up a set of weights and lifts them chest high.)
MORTY: See that? You couldn't do that.
JERRY: I could, but I choose not to.
(Another guy enters behind the Seinfelds. He walks over to an exercise bike and climbs aboard.)
SID: Hey Morty. (nodding toward Jerry) Who's this?
MORTY: This is my son Jerry, from New York. (leaning toward Sid) He thinks he can lift more than Izzy.
JERRY: (protesting) I..I didn't say that.
SID: (calling over) Hey, Izzy, this kid says he can lift more than you can.
(Izzy looks over. He releases his grip on the weights and they drop to the floor with a clunk.)
IZZY: Your kid's pretty funny, Morty. Should be a comedian.
JERRY: (smiles) Actually, I am a comedian.
SID: That's not so funny.
IZZY: (challenging) Think you're better than me, huh?
MORTY: Izzy used to work out with Charles Atlas in the fifties.
JERRY: (jocular) Eighteen-fifties?
IZZY: Yeah, that's it. It's go time. (points to the weights he put down) Let's see you lift that.
JERRY: (reluctant) Mr Mandelbaum, I...
IZZY: C'mon, c'mon. Pump it!
JERRY: (consenting) Alright.
IZZY: Yeah, wrong attitude. you're not bringing that trash into my house.
(Jerry walks over and picks the weights up easily.)
JERRY: There. Alright?
IZZY: Step aside, stringbean.
(Jerry puts down the weights, and rolls them out of the way. Izzy steps in front of a much, much, more substantial set of weights.)
IZZY: I'll show you. We're gonna take it up a notch.
(Izzy bends and takes hold of the bar. The second he puts any effort into the lift, there is a loud crunching noise and a pained look of horror comes to his face.)
IZZY: (agonised) Ah! My back. Ugh.
(Izzy keeps hold of the bar as he slowly keels over forwards. The circular weights roll in front of him and Izzy gently falls forward until he's face down on the floor.)
IZZY: (drawn out) Aaaahh.
(Jerry, Morty and Sid, look on, concerned.)
SID: Somebody, call an ambulance.
MORTY: (unpanicked) There's already an ambulance here for Mrs Glickman. There's room for one more.
[Outside Movie Theatre]
(Elaine is at the same movie theatre as before,but alone this time. She's buying her ticket from the booth.
ELAINE: (handing over her money) Okay, one for Sack Lunch. (taking the ticket) It's good, right? (smiling) Yeah, good.
(Elaine turns to enter the theatre, and meets Gail, Carol and Lisa coming out.)
ELAINE: (surprise) Hey, what're you guys doing here?
LISA: We just saw The English Patient again.
GAIL: It's even better the second time.
ELAINE: They make it longer?
(Out of the theatre comes Blaine, carrying an umbrella.)
BLAINE: (to the girls) Got my umbrella.
ELAINE: (shocked) Blaine!?
BLAINE: Elaine.
ELAINE: I thought you were busy tonight.
BLAINE: (cold) Well, to tell you the truth Elaine. I don't know if I can be with someone who doesn't like The English Patient.
ELAINE: It's just a stupid movie.
BLAINE: (to Carol) That's what I'm talking about.
CAROL: (taking Blaine's arm) Come on, Blaine. Let's go.
BLAINE: (bitter) Enjoy Sack Lunch!
(Blaine walks away with the girls.)
ELAINE: (fierce) I will!
[Seinfeld Residence, Del Boca Vista]
(Helen is talking to Jerry, with Morty on the couch. Helen and Morty are in their nightclothes. Morty has on the '#1 DAD' shirt.)
HELEN: (accusing) How could you do that to Mr Mandelbaum? You should be ashamed of yourself.
JERRY: (defensive) He egged me on.
HELEN: You should be more mature.
JERRY: He's eighty!
MORTY: (standing) Okay. Tomorrow, Jerry and I will visit Izzy and apologise. Now, goodnight.
(Morty begins to head to the bedroom.)
HELEN: (walking after Morty) You're not sleeping in that shirt. It's too tight.
MORTY: This shirt will never leave my body.
(Helen follows Morty down the short hallway.)
HELEN: (to Jerry) Goodnight.
JERRY: (smiling) Alright. Seven-thirty, got the place to myself.
(There is a knock at the door. Jerry answers it. Outside are three Hispanic-looking guys.)
GUILLERMO: Jerry Seinfeld please.
JERRY: Ah, you must be Kramer's guys. (indicating) Come on in. You got the cigars?
(The guys enter.)
GUILLERMO: What cigars?
JERRY: Kramer said I was supposed to bring him back some Cubans.
GUILLERMO: (indicating the threesome) We are the Cubans.
(Jerry stares, stunned.)
[Jerry's Apartment/Del Boca Vista]
(Kramer stands, shirtless, in Jerry's kitchen. There's a pot on the stove, and Kramer's chopping vegetables on a board. The phone rings and Kramer answers.)
KRAMER: Yeah, hello, Jerry's place.
(In the Seinfelds' condo, the three guys are asleep on the fold-out couch and a chair, while an upset Jerry rants into the phone.)
JERRY: (animated) They're real Cubans?! They're human beings, from Cuba?!
KRAMER: I said Cubans. What'd you think I meant?
JERRY: Cigars!
KRAMER: Jerry, Cuban cigars are illegal in this country. That's why I got these guys.
JERRY: (incredulous) You're making your own cigars now?
KRAMER: Yeah, yeah. I got investors all lined up.
(Behind Jerry, Morty wanders over to the kitchen counter.)
JERRY: (to Kramer) Hold on a second. (to Morty) Hiya dad.
(Morty sorts through some pill bottles, before picking one out.)
MORTY: (without looking up) Who are they?
JERRY: They're Cuban cigar rollers.
MORTY: (walking back out of the room) Don't tell your mother.
(Something catches Jerry's ear on the phone.)
JERRY: What is that bubbling sound? Are you making your tomato sauce?
KRAMER: Hot and spicy.
JERRY: (accusing) You're not wearing a shirt, are you?
KRAMER: Yes I am.
JERRY: What colour is it?
(Kramer looks down at his bare torso, and can't think.)
KRAMER: Damn!
(Kramer hangs up the phone.)
[New York Hallway]
(George and Danielle walk up to her door in her building. George has a napkin in his hand on which is some scribbled numbers. Danielle is looking at George, very much as if she's interested.)
GEORGE: You know, you could've just given me Neil's number. You..you didn't have to take me out to dinner.
DANIELLE: I wanted to give it to you in person.
(George shrugs his understanding.)
DANIELLE: (flirtatious) You know, I don't have to be up in the morning, and I know a great breakfast place, right around the corner.
(Danielle gives George a big smile. George smiles, but thoughtfully.)
GEORGE: Does Neil like to eat a big breakfast?
DANIELLE: (inviting) Why don't you come in? We'll take about it.
GEORGE: (looking at his watch) I really should get going. Y'know, I..I wanna be home in case Neil calls.
DANIELLE: Well, goodnight.
(Danielle leans toward George, for a kiss. But George walks away completely oblivious to Danielle. )
GEORGE: (hurried) I'll see you.
(Danielle looks down the hall after George, looking perplexed.)
[Monk's]
(An unhappy Elaine sits at the counter as the waitress pours her coffee.)
WAITRESS: Rough night?
ELAINE: Ugh. You wouldn't believe it. My boyfriend dumped me. My friends, who I don't even like, they won't talk to me. (face-pulling) All because I don't like that stupid English Patient movie.
WAITRESS: Really? I thought it was pretty good.
ELAINE: Oh, come on. Good? What was good about it? (scoffs) Those sex scenes! I mean, please! Gimme something I can use!
WAITRESS: (sour) Well, I liked it.
(The waitress takes the coffee pot and walks away into the back.)
ELAINE: (calling after) Hey. You forgot about my piece of pie. Hello? (irritated) You know, sex in a tub. That doesn't work!
[Mandelbaum Residence, Del Boca Vista]
(Jerry and Morty stroll into the bedroom of the hugely impressive Mandelbaum condo. Morty is still wearing the '#1 DAD' shirt under his tracksuit. Izzy is asleep in the bed.)
JERRY: This is quite a condo.
MORTY: The Mandelbaums own the Magic Pan restaurants.
JERRY: The crepe place?
MORTY: Yeah. This is all big crepe money.
JERRY: (doubtful) There's crepe money?
(Izzy wakes up and sees the Seinfelds at the foot of his bed.)
IZZY: What are you doing here?
JERRY: (apologetic) Aw, Mr Mandelbaum, I just wanted to come by and tell you how sorry I was that you hurt yourself.
(Izzy stares at Morty as Jerry speaks.)
IZZY: What the hell is that?
JERRY: What?
IZZY: That shirt. You think that you are the number one dad?
MORTY: This was a gift from my son.
(Morty displays the shirt proudly. Jerry smiles.)
IZZY: Oh, I see how it works now. (indicates Jerry) He knocks me outta commission, so (indicates Morty) you can strut around in your fancy number one shirt. (moves the bedcovers) Well, I'll show you who's number one.
(Izzy starts to move to get out of bed.)
JERRY: Mr Mandelbaum, please.
IZZY: It's go time.
(Izzy stands up and there is a familiar crunching noise. Izzy freezes in his stance, arms raised.)
IZZY: (pained) Ahh. My back. I can't move.
(Jerry and Morty look on with horrified concern.)
MORTY: Call an ambulance.
JERRY: I think I saw one a coupla doors down.
(Jerry darts out of the door, followed moments later by Morty.)
[Jerry's Apartment/Del Boca Vista]
(Jerry has just returned from Florida, and is putting away his bag. A worried George sits at the table.)
JERRY: (disbelief) So she wanted you to come up, but you left because you thought some guy might be calling you?!
(Jerry puts his bag in the bedroom and returns as George paces the floor.)
GEORGE: (animated) Some guy. Some guy? Neil! I have got to find out how he could get a girl like Danielle.
JERRY: (pointing out the obvious) George, you've got Danielle. Forget about Neil. You've out-Neiled him.
GEORGE: (surprised) So, I'm Neil? How did I do that?
JERRY: I don't know, but you better keep it up.
GEORGE: I'm gonna go meet Danielle. (grabs his coat) There's a new Neil in town! (triumphant laughter) Hahaha!
(George exits, cheerfully. The phone rings as the door closes.)
JERRY: (to himself) I try to take a vacation, I come back, the whole operation's a shambles. (answers phone) Hello.
(In Florida, Helen and Morty each have a handset. Morty is still wearing the '#1 DAD' shirt.)
MORTY: Hey Jerry. Number One here. Did you go see Izzy at the back specialist?
JERRY: I will, I just walked in the door.
HELEN: You have to go see him.
JERRY: Ma.
MORTY: Helen, will you stop bothering him.
HELEN: Jerry, that shirt is gone right to his head.
MORTY: Number One, signing off.
(The Seinfelds hang up. Jerry's door opens and Kramer bursts in, agitated.)
KRAMER: Jerry, I just picked up the Cubans at the bus station. (shrill) What's going on!?
JERRY: What?
KRAMER: (animated) They're not real Cubans. They're Dominicans.
JERRY: So?
KRAMER: So, Jerry, if my investors don't get Cubans, the whole deal's off.
JERRY: What's the difference?
KRAMER: Jerry, once you've had real Cubans, there's just nothing else like it.
JERRY: (confused) We're talking about people, right?
KRAMER: Yes, yes. The quality, the texture, the intoxicating aroma. These guys don't have it.
JERRY: I thought they smelled pretty nice.
KRAMER: Jerry, your palate's unrefined.
JERRY: Is not.
KRAMER: Is too.
JERRY: Is not.
KRAMER: Is too.
JERRY: I'm not having this conversation.
KRAMER: Are too.
JERRY: Am not.
KRAMER: Are too.
JERRY: Am not.
KRAMER: Are too.
[J Peterman's Office]
(Peterman lounges behind his desk, as Elaine and another employee pick up notes, photographs, etc.)
PETERMAN: Another productive meeting. By the way, I saw that English Patient film last night. It was extraordinary.
DUGAN: (enthusiastic) Oh yes. It was so romantic. It ravished me.
(Dugan walks away.)
PETERMAN: Elaine, what'd you think?
ELAINE: (hesitant) Well, uh, act..actually, I haven't seen it. So, I couldn't tell you whether I liked it, or whether it really sucked.
PETERMAN: (aghast) You haven't seen it?
ELAINE: (shakes head) No.
PETERMAN: That's it! Drop everything. We're going right now.
(Peterman stuffs some paperwork into a desk drawer.)
[The New York Hospital]
(Izzy is in a hospital bed, as Jerry stands beside it.)
JERRY: Again, Mr Mandelbaum, this back specialist is supposed to be the best. So if there's anything else I can do, please don't hesitate to, uh, try and find my number.
(Jerry turns to walk out.)
IZZY: Uh, oh, wait.
(Izzy rummages on his bedside table and picks up a t-shirt. He holds it up to his chest so Jerry can read what's written on it. 'World's Greatest DAD!')
IZZY: How 'bout that, huh? The World's Greatest Dad. My son made it for me.
JERRY: (humouring him) That's very nice.
IZZY: The best in the world. (pointing to himself) Which means I'm better than just number one.
JERRY: Well, I don't know how official any of these rankings really are.
(Behind Jerry, an elderly bald guy leans round the doorframe and raps on the door, attracting Izzy's attention.)
IZZY: Hi, son.
IZZY JR.: Hi daddy.
JERRY: (surprise) This is your son?
IZZY: I got married in high school.
IZZY JR.: (to Jerry) Hey, who are you?
IZZY: This is Seinfeld's kid.
IZZY JR.: Oh, you think you're tough, picking on an old man? (squaring up to Jerry) Maybe you'd like to try taking on somebody your own age.
JERRY: (jocular) You got any kids?
IZZY JR.: Oh, you think you're better than me? (challenging) Go ahead, pick out anything in the room here. I'll lift it up over my head.
JERRY: (trying to defuse the situation) Look, no-one is lifting anything.
IZZY: (pointing) The television.
JERRY: (under his breath) Oh no.
(Izzy Jr walks over to the TV, which sits on top of a cabinet.)
IZZY JR.: This one's for you, Pop. It's go time.
(Izzy Jr takes a grip on the TV, but there's another crunching sound as he tries to lift, and an agonised expression comes to his face. Jerry cringes in the background.)
IZZY JR.: (pained) Ohh! My back!
IZZY: (urgent) Call an ambulance.
JERRY: (laconic) We're already in a hospital.
[Earl Haffler's Office]
(A suit-wearing Kramer is in the office of Earl Haffler - cigar-smoking, stetson-wearing, Texan businessman.)
HAFFLER: Awright, partner. Let's get down to business.
KRAMER: (nervous) Okay, well, uh, I'll uh, I'll get the Cubans.
(Kramer walks over to the door trying to smile confidently.)
KRAMER: They're right out here.
(Kramer calls a few words of nonsense Spanish out of the door, and the three guys stroll in. They are dressed in Castro-style green fatigues and caps.)
KRAMER: Hey, here they are. The Cubans. Real Cubans.
(Earl Haffler regards the three for a second or two.)
HAFFLER: You wouldn't be trying to sell old Earl Haffler Dominicans in a Cuban wrapper now, would you?
KRAMER: (fidgety) Oh, now, come on. Look at these boys. If they were any more Cuban, Castro would've smoked them himself. Huh.
HAFFLER: (confusion) We're talking about people, right?
KRAMER: (puzzled) I think so.
HAFFLER: I thought he quit smoking cigars.
KRAMER: Well, yeah, yeah. But they also rolled for his brother... (thinks for a second) ...Dennis.
HAFFLER: (dubious) Dennis Castro?
KRAMER: Uh, Dwayne.
HAFFLER: Get the hell outta my office.
KRAMER: (shrill) What!?
[Monk's]
(Danielle and George walk over to, and sit in, a booth.)
DANIELLE: You know, Neil called me today.
GEORGE: (interested) Really?
DANIELLE: Yeah. He's pretty upset that I broke up with him to go out with you.
GEORGE: (smug) Ah, I guess I showed Neil who's Neil.
DANIELLE: He wants to get together tomorrow night and have coffee.
GEORGE: (little worried) Coffee? (thinks) I can beat that. Move in with me.
DANIELLE: (surprised) What?
GEORGE: (smiles) Beats the hell out of coffee.
(Danielle smiles at George, still a touch confused.)
[Movie Theatre]
(Peterman and Elaine sit in the auditorium. The English Patient is playing and many of the crowd are tearfully dabbing their eyes. Peterman is particularly emotional. Elaine looks completely bored, and is tossing pieces of popcorn up in the air to try and catch them in her mouth.)
PETERMAN: (emotional) And I thought I knew what love was.
(One of Elaine's bits of popcorn misses her mouth and falls behind her seat. Elaine twists round and reaches over to retrieve it, before slumping in her seat wearily.)
ELAINE: (indifferent) Yuh.
[Monk's]
(Jerry and George sit in a booth. George looks ragged and is swigging from a bottle of some anti-acid medication.)
JERRY: (incredulous) You asked her to move in with you?
GEORGE: I gotta stay one step ahead of Neil.
JERRY: (musing) What if it's Neil Armstrong?
(George thinks for a moment, his eyes twitching.)
GEORGE: (animated) Then I'm going to Mars!
JERRY: What if it's Neil Diamond?
GEORGE: (tormented) Aw, shut up Jerry! Just shut up!
JERRY: Alright, I gotta go back to the hospital.
GEORGE: What, to see the old guy?
JERRY: No, I got into a thing with the son, and now he's laid up too.
GEORGE: How old's the son?
JERRY: I think he's the same age as the father.
GEORGE: What is with this family?
JERRY: I dunno. It's like, if one of 'em dies, the other one wants to bench press the casket.
(Kramer sidles into the coffee shop. He peers past the register, to where the three guys are sitting in the far corner, talking together. Then he moves over to join Jerry and George.)
KRAMER: (quietly) Hey, Jerry.
(Kramer indicates the three guys with his thumb.)
KRAMER: (noise - like shivery) Datiditadit.
JERRY: You're cold?
KRAMER: No. (indicates with his head) (noise again) Ditadidatidat.
JERRY: Something wrong with your chest?
KRAMER: (indicating with his thumb) Dijadidatjd. There.
JERRY: (leaning round Kramer) Where?
KRAMER: (urgent) No, no. Don't look. Don't look.
(Jerry and George look as if they're infected by Kramer's nervousness, as they try and look surreptitiously at the Dominicans.)
KRAMER: Over there. The Dominicans.
JERRY: Aren't they supposed to be rolling cigars?
KRAMER: Well, it didn't quite work out, and now I've got nothing for them to do.
GEORGE: So?
KRAMER: So, I taught 'em all about Cuba, and they really took to it. You know, Marxism, the Worker's Revolution, the clothing.
(In the corner, one of the Dominicans thumps the table, as if to underscore a point in his argument.)
JERRY: Boy, they seem pretty angry about something.
KRAMER: (nervous) Yeah. I'm a little worried. When there's no work, and the people get restless, who do you think they come after? (pointing to himself, shrill) El Presidente!
(Again, one of the Dominicans thumps the table. Kramer jumps at the sound.)
[The New York Hospital]
(Izzy and Izzy Jr are laid up in beds placed side-by-side.)
JERRY: I swear to you, I didn't know they TV was bolted to the table.
IZZY JR.: I bet you pulled that trick on my daddy, in Florida.
JERRY: He couldn't handle the weight.
IZZY: (hostile) Oh, so now you think you're better than me?
IZZY JR.: (indicating Izzy) You think you're better than him?!
JERRY: (placatory) Look, let me just state for the record, I think you're both better than me.
IZZY: Okay.
(An even more elderly guy than Izzy enters the room behind Jerry. He spreads his arms in greeting to the Mandelbaums.)
IZZY SR.: My boys.
IZZY: My dad.
IZZY JR.: My grandpa.
JERRY: (incredulous) Oh, come on!
IZZY SR.: (indicating Izzy Jr) What happened to him?
JERRY: He was trying to lift the TV.
IZZY SR.: (pointing) That TV?
(Izzy Sr. strides purposefully toward the TV.)
JERRY: (consternation) Oh no. (to the bedridden two) It's go time.
(Off-screen there is a familiar crunching sound.)
IZZY IZZY SR.. (O.C.): (pained) Oohh!
[The New York Hospital]
(All three of the Mandelbaums are in a row of beds in the same room.)
IZZY SR.: Why didn't anybody tell me? It was bolted down!
IZZY: I still thought you could do it.
IZZY JR.: Me too.
IZZY/IZZY JR/IZZY IZZY SR.: (chanting and punching the air) Mandelbaum, Mandelbaum, Mandelbaum...
JERRY: Fellas, fellas, look, I gotta go.
IZZY: Oh yeah, that's right. Go. Put us all in the hospital. And you've ruined our business with all your macho head games.
JERRY: (defensive) I didn't ruin your business.
IZZY: Yes, you did. There's nobody there now at the Magic Pan to roll the crepes. We gotta close it up.
JERRY: (uncertain) Don't you hire people to do that?
IZZY: Each crepe has to be hand-rolled by a Mandelbaum. That's what puts the magic in Magic Pan!
JERRY: (thinking) So, you just need some guys that could roll 'em?
IZZY: Yeah.
JERRY: (having an idea) I think I can help you out. I'll see you later.
(Jerry turns and starts to leave, but is called back.)
IZZY SR.: (calls) Hey, I can't see the TV.
(Jerry walks to the TV and picks it,and the attached cabinet up. HE carries it across the room to the foot of Izzy Sr.'s bed,where he places it.)
JERRY: Here.
(Jerry walks out of the room followed by the angry cries of Izzy.)
IZZY: You think you're better than us, don't you?! Huh!?
[Movie Theatre]
(Peterman and Elaine are still in front of The English Patient. Peterman stares, enraptured, at the screen. Elaine is totally frantic with boredom.)
PETERMAN: Elaine, I hope you're watching the clothes, because I can't take my eyes off the passion.
ELAINE: (quiet vehemence) Oh. No. I can't do this any more. I can't. It's too long. (to the screen) Quit telling your stupid story, about the stupid desert, and just die already! (louder) Die!!
(The other movie patrons turn and shush Elaine, who sits back in her seat.)
PETERMAN: (surprised) Elaine. You don't like the movie?
ELAINE: (shouts) I hate it!!
CROWD: Shh!
ELAINE: (shouts) Oh, go to hell!!
PETERMAN: (quietly) Well, why didn't you say so in the first place? You're fired.
ELAINE: (grabbing her bag and coat) Great. I'll wait for you outside.
(Elaine hurriedly gets out of her seat and leaves.)
[Magic Pan Restaurant]
(Jerry and Elaine sit in a booth, talking over coffee.)
JERRY: He was gonna fire you?
ELAINE: The only way I could talk him out of it was that I agreed to go and visit the Tunisian desert.
JERRY: Tunisia?
ELAINE: That's where they filmed the movie. It's supposed to inspire me.
JERRY: Well, that doesn't sound so bad.
ELAINE: I have to live in a cave.
JERRY: (sardonic) Oh. (smiles)
(Kramer comes over to the booth.)
KRAMER: These Dominicans really know their way round a crepe. Look at that. It's like they're rolling a double corona.
(The three Dominican guys are making crepes, and then rolling them around fillings.)
KRAMER: (to one of the guys) Just a cigar made outta bisquik, huh, Guillermo?
(The Dominican smiles back.)
(Over in another part of the restaurant, Danielle sits in a booth with Neil. Neil is clearly bald, but has his back to the camera.)
DANIELLE: I'm very happy with George. I'm sorry Neil, it's over.
(Neil's head drops at this news.)
DANIELLE: Come on, let's just eat our crepes.
(The Dominicans are handing out plates of rolled crepes to various tables.)
(At one table a customer prods a rolled crepe with his fork and a jet of scalding hot filling squirts out into his face.)
CUSTOMER: (pained scream) Aaghh!! My face!
(At another table, another customer digs his fork in, and is rewarded with a faceful of blistering filling.)
(Neil sticks his fork into his crepe and recoils as hot liquid jets into his face.)
DANIELLE: (concerned cry) Neil!
(The restaurant is in chaos as yells of pain come from all sides. Elaine, Jerry and Kramer look round at the commotion.)
JERRY: Why are the crepes spraying?
KRAMER: (looks over at the three guys) The Dominicans are rolling them too tight. (regretful) Uhm, well, that's why you gotta get real Cubans.
(Another scream rents the air.)
[Metropolitan Hospital Center]
(In a hospital room, Neil lies in a bed, his face obscured with bandages and an IV line connected to him. Danielle is there fussing with the remains of a hospital meal on a tray. George enters.)
GEORGE: Danielle. Where's Neil? (indicating the bed) Is this him?
DANIELLE: Yeah, that blueberry crepe burned him pretty badly.
(George picks up a walking stick which was propped against the bed.)
GEORGE: (to Danielle) Whose cane is this?
DANIELLE: It's Neil's.
(Danielle walks away with a water jug from Neil's table. She goes to a sink in the corner as George speaks.)
GEORGE: (to himself) A cane. I knew it. (to Neil) So, we meet at last. I admire your skills, Mr Peanut.
(Danielle brings back the jug.)
GEORGE: Well, Danielle, (digs in his pocket) we should get going. I got a key made for you.
(George flourishes a doorkey before Danielle.)
DANIELLE: George, I can't move in with you.
GEORGE: (shocked) What?
DANIELLE: I'm sorry, but I'm taking Neil to a clinic in England.
GEORGE: (animated) N..no, no. You can't leave me. (frantic) Marry me! I'll burn myself. I'll burn my parents!
DANIELLE: Sorry George.
(Danielle takes the jug and leaves the room. Dejectedly, George wanders toward the door. As he moves, Neil whispers to him.)
NEIL: (beckoning) George.
(George leans over to Neil, so he can hear him speak.)
NEIL: (quiet triumph) I win.
(George purses his lips and nods ruefully. He stands up and leaves, closing the door behind him. There is a brief pause, then the door opens a few inches and George's hand reaches back inside the room, takes hold of the IV line and tugs it sharply, breaking it free of the IV bag,and drops it. Then the hand is withdrawn and the door closes again.)
[Plane]
(Elaine sits in an aisle seat in a 747, reading a Let's Go Tunisia book. She listens as a voice comes over the tannoy.)
TAN: Ladies and gentlemen. In just one moment, we'll be showing our feature presentation...
ELAINE: (dread) No, no, no, no, no.
TAN: ...the comedy hit, Sack Lunch, starring Dabney Coleman.
ELAINE: (cheering up) Ah, right! Aw, this is shaping up.
(Smiling, Elaine puts down her book to watch the movie. Someone from a seat beside her wants to get out.)
GUY: Excuse me, please.
ELAINE: Oh, sure.
(The guy pushes past her. He's holding a rolled-up magazine closely to his body, as if concealing something and, strangely, is wearing a '#1 DAD' t-shirt. There's a little awkwardness as he squeezes by.)
ELAINE: (uncomfortable) Ooh.
(The guy walks down the aisle and turns to face the passengers. Two other guys in '#1 DAD' t-shirts flank him. They are the three Dominican guys.)
GUILLERMO: Ladies and gentlemen. Because we have been exploited by your Magic Pan crepe restaurants...
(From inside his magazine, Guillermo produces a revolver. The other two guys also pull out guns, which they point upwards and cock, loudly.)
GUILLERMO: ...we are hijacking this plane to Cuba!
(There is consternation among the passengers, shocked looks, gasps, etc.)
GUILLERMO: Everyone stay in your seats. And shut that movie off!
ELAINE: (annoyed) Aww, nuts!
[Monks]
GEORGE: Oh, boy I was up to four in the morning watching the Omen trilogy.
JERRY: That's good stuff.
GEORGE: I can't to myself. I'm exhausted.
JERRY: Can you grab a nap at work.
GEORGE: Not with that big glass window looking out into the hall. I'd love a good nap. That's the only thing getting me out of bed in the morning. I'll see ya'.
ELAINE: Bye.
JERRY: So what are you doing now?
ELAINE: I'm going to take a little stroll through the park.
JERRY: With a gentleman caller?
ELAINE: Yes, his name is Hal.
JERRY: The walking date is a good date. You don't have to look right at the other -person.
ELAINE: It's the next best thing to being alone.
(Kramer enters - wet head)
JERRY: Shower?
KRAMER: No, pool. I just swam 200 laps.
ELAINE: You are kidding.
KRAMER: Look at hose babies [hands]. They're prunes. I saw Conrad going up to oyur place.
ELAINE: Oh, yeah, that's right. Those new kitchen cabinets. How is that coming?
JERRY: A little slow. I've got to hold this guy's hand on every little decision.
ELAINE: Hey, Kramer, listen, you've seen the Omen right?
ELAINE: What exactly was that kid?
KRAMER: Who, Damien? Nothing, just a mischievous, rambunctious kid.
[Yankee Stadium]
WILHELM: Oh, George, have you seen the American league directory? It is a big green book. Oh, thanks kiddo.
[Central park]
HAL:
ELAINE: Well I don't care. It was delicious.
ELAINE: Wanna sit down?
HAL: Oh, I don't sit on park benches. They're very bad for the back.
ELAINE: Really?
HAL: I threw my back out about 15 years ago. Ever since I have been very careful. I only buy furniture in the ergonomics store.
ELAINE: Oh those places have the stupidest names. Like, uh, "Back in ", or "Good Vertibrations".
HAL: Not this one. It's called the "Lumbar Yard".
[Jerry's Apartment]
CONRAD: Oh, Jerry are you okay with this hinge?
JERRY: Yeah.
CONRAD: I can get you any kind you want, you know. Four holes, three holes, two holes, bronze, no hinge at all.
JERRY: You know, why don't we just go with the one in your hand?
CONRAD: Oh, these are different.
JERRY: Drop one. . . . left!
(George enters)
GEORGE: Jerry, look at my eyes.
JERRY: A little less beady today.
GEORGE: Because I'm REFRESHED. I finally found a way to sleep in my office. Under the desk. I lie on my back. I tuck in the chair. I'm invisible.
JERRY: Sounds like a really cool fort.
CONRAD: Jerry, do you want a flat edge on this molding or do you want me to bevel it?
JERRY: I'll tell you what I would like you to do with it.
GEORGE: Conrad, is it?
CONRAD: Conrad, Connie, or Con, whatever you prefer.
GEORGE: Uh, let me ask you a question. Could you, uh, expand the space underneath a desk to give it a little more headroom?
JERRY: He's kind of tied up here.
GEORGE: It'll have to be a night job anyway. You don't normally work after dinner, do you?
CONRAD: There is no normal, whatever jerry wants. He wants me here late, I'm here late, he wants me here early, I'm here early, he . . .
JERRY: Why don't you just work on George's project for a while?
CONRAD: Whatever you want.
(Next day - on the telephone)
JERRY: So how was Wednesday's walk in the park with Hal.
ELAINE: Uh, it was okay,. He's coming over later to watch a movie. Hey listen, what's better for your back? Couch cushions or a folding chair?
JERRY: I don't know.
ELAINE: Uh, maybe we'll just stand and watch the tv. [knock knock]. I gotta go someone's at my door. Yeah!
DELIVERY GUY: Delivery. Elaine Benes?
ELAINE: Yeah.
DELIVERY GUY: We're from the Lumbar Yard, we got your mattress.
ELAINE: Mattress, I didn't order a mattress. Who sent this? Hal Kitzmiller?
[Yankee Stadium]
GEORGE: Do you think it might be possible to add a little shelf like, uh, for an alarm clock?
CONRAD: You mean like that big?
GEORGE: Like this.
CONRAD: Yeah, I can do that.
GEORGE: Thanks. You know this could sound crazy but, what do you think about adding a drawer for - like a blanket?
CONRAD: Blanket or quilt?
GEORGE: Blanket.
CONRAD: That thick?
GEORGE: Maybe like this.
CONRAD: Like that?
GEORGE: Yeah, like that.
CONRAD: If that is what you want.
GEORGE: That is what I want.
(Later)
CONRAD: Hey George, you want this cup holder mounted on the left, or the right, or the middle, . . .
GEORGE: Whatever!!. . . . Oh oh oh this is unbelievable. This is better than my bed at home.
GEORGE: Its been a long night. You go home and get some sleep.
CONRAD: If that's what you want.
GEORGE: That's what I want.
WILHELM: Morning George.
GEORGE: Good morning Mr. Wilhelm.
(George escapes under his desk)
KRAMER: got problems Jerry.
JERRY: What happened?
KRAMER: Well I had been swimming for three hours and I was in a real grove so I decided to keep going. But at ten they start the aquasonics Thirty-five geriatrics throwing elbows. It was like I was swimming through a flabby armed spanking machine.
JERRY: How long did that last?
KRAMER: A half hour then diving class started. Well that got a little messy. I gotta find a new place to swim 'cause that pooll can't hold me, Jerry.
(Elaine enters)
JERRY: How was the movie?
ELAINE: I cancelled. Hal sent a mattress to my apartment. The nerve of that guy.
JERRY: Why?
ELAINE: He's got a back problem.
JERRY: So you think he was expecting a roll in the supportive hay.
ELAINE: After one date!
KRAMER: What's that guy's last name again?
ELAINE: Kitzmiller.
KRAMER: Oh, that's right.
JERRY: So what are you going to do with the mattress?
ELAINE: I don't know. Chuck it?
KRAMER: Oh, no no no no I'll take it. Why don't you come over. Let's see if it will fit in my bedroom.
ELAINE: Oh, all right.
KRAMER: My old one sprung a leak.
ELAINE: You have a water bed?
KRAMER: Sand! It's like sleeping on the beach.
(Conrad enters)
CONRAD: Hi, Jerry I'm sorry I'm late. George and I have been up working all night long. I can make up the time in any number of ways.
JERRY: How about this? . . . Finish this thing up today!
CONRAD: Couple of questions for you.
JERRY: No. No more questions. Just figure it out for yourself and get it done.
CONRAD: All right Jerry. But I can figure it out myself any way you want.
JERRY: Just . . . do it.
(Jerry exits)
[George's office]
STEINBRENNER: Costanza? Where's Costanza? . . . Excus mois? Have you seen Costanza?
SECRETARY: I've seen him around.
STEINBRENNER: Um, I'm stuck on this song yesterday. I can't seem to get it out of my head. I don't know the name of that. "She's a heart breaker, love taker . . ..Oh. Oh" . . .very catchy. You know what? I can't stay awake for that guy. What is this? People? Um, the most beautiful people people. Ally Selica, Nothing wrong with that uh?
[Monks]
HAL: Elaine, your taking this totally the wrong way. That's not what Ii intended.
ELAINE: Well, what did you intend, Hal?
HAL: I just wanted you to have the comfort and report you deserve. That's why I had the mattress custom designed for you.
ELAINE: Custom designed?
HAL: They adjust the foam density and spring tension to your body type. I estimated your height and weight. Five eight, about 110 pounds?
ELAINE: Uh, that is the nicest thing anyone has ever done for me.
HAL: So you do like the mattress?
ELAINE: Oh, I love it. I'm glad . . . I kept it.
[East River]
FATHER: Over there, that's Brooklyn . That's where Spike Lee lives.
SON: Hey, there's a man swimming in the water.
FATHER: Naw, that's probably just a dead body son. You see when the mob kills someone they through the body in the river.
[Jerry's hall]
KRAMER: Jer.
JERRY: Hi.
KRAMER: Well my swimming pool problems are solved. I just found myself miles and miles of open lanes.
JERRY: What is that smell?
KRAMER: That's East River.
JERRY: You're swimming in the East River? The most heavily trafficked overly contaminated waterway on the eastern seaboard?
KRAMER: Technically Norfok has more gross tonnage.
JERRY: How could you swim in that water?
KRAMER: I saw a couple of other guys out there.
JERRY: Swimming?
KRAMER: Floating, they weren't moving much. But they were out there.
[Jerry's apartment]
(Jerry looks around the new renovation.)
[Elaine's]
ELAINE: (on phone) Hey, Kramer, it's Elaine, thanks for bringing my mattress back. And I guess I'll just get my spare key from you - whenever. All right, bye.
ELAINE: Oh, this is a good mattress. Sniff, sniff, Ugh!
[George's Office]
STEINBRENNER: What is with this guy? I've been waiting three and a half hours. Should I go? No way Jack! ??? at the registrar again, I'll tell you that.
SeConrad: Mr. Steinbrenner?
STEINBRENNER: That's what they call me.
SeConrad: Your grandchildren are here to see you.
STEINBRENNER: Oh, well, send them in. Send the little tykes in.  little people .. pony express  wow,
[Jerry's]
JERRY: (on phone) hello.
GEORGE: Jerry, I'm trapped under my desk. Steinbrenner is in the room. You got to help[ me.
JERRY: Who is this?
GEORGE: Jerry, . . .
BRADY: Hi,
GEORGE: Sh, sh, goodbye, sh, get away.
BRADY: Hi, I'm Brady.
GEORGE: ?? get away??
JERRY: Why don't you just have him paged?
GEORGE: Can't you think of something. Call in a bomb threat.
JERRY: A bomb threat? Why would I call in a bomb threat?
GEORGE: Just CALL!
JERRY: I should have some reason.
STEINBRENNER: Hey you kids know tunes; see if this song rinSTEINBRENNER a bell, "Heartbreaker , . . . "
SeConrad: Mr. Steinbrenner we just received a call. There's a bomb in the building.
STEINBRENNER: A bomb in the building, oh, m'god. Quick, everyone under the desk.
[Steinbrenner's office]
STEINBRENNER: Boy can you think of what went through my mind when I saw there wasn't going to be enough room under that desk for me and my babies.
GEORGE: I'm sorry sir.
STEINBRENNER: You know what I think? I think you knew about that bomb ahead of time.
GEORGE: What?
STEINBRENNER: ???? about that bomb. You climbed under that desk because you have ESP. George, what's on my mind? . . . Meatballs! Huh? Unbelievable. Anyway this terrorist had a specific demand. Not more cheap adjustable hats on hat day. He wants fitted hats just like the players wear.
[Jerry's new renovated apartment]
ELAINE: Jerry, Jerry.
JERRY: Yeah.
ELAINE: What the hell is this? Where are you?
JERRY: Over here. You can see right through here.
ELAINE: What is this. It's like you're selling movie tickets back here.
JERRY: It's kind of cozy.
ELAINE: Hey, you're not going to believe what Kramer did to my mattress. . . . I can't talk to you like this. So Kramer completely funked up my mattress.
JERRY: Does it smell like the East River?
ELAINE: How did you know?
JERRY: Because Kramer has been swimming laps between the Queensborough bridge and the Brooklyn bridge.
ELAINE: Oh, GREAT!
(Kramer enters)
KRAMER: Oh man, I'm on the wrong floor again.
ELAINE: Hey, thanks for ruining my mattress. It reeks.
KRAMER: Hey, you know what I think it is? I think it's that East River. I think it might be polluted.
(George enters)
GEORGE: Well, you really did it to me this time, Seinfeld. . . . What the hell happened here?
ELAINE: Hi.
GEORGE: Hi. Look at how obtrusive this is.
ELAINE: It is obtrusive, isn't it?
KRAMER: It is very obtrusive.
JERRY: I don't think it's that bad.
KRAMER: You can't get a stool in here.
JERRY: No the stools go over there.
KRAMER: No, that's no good. I'm leaving.
ELAINE: I'm with you. I'm going back to my place.
GEORGE: Fitted Hat Day! That's what you asked Steinbrenner for?
JERRY: You mean they're actually doing the fitted hats? Cool.
GEORGE: Guess who he put in charge of Fitted Hat Day? Me.
JERRY: Hey look at you.
GEORGE: Yeah, look at me. Now I GOTTA FIGURE OUT THE HAT SIZES OF 59,000 DIFFERENT PEOPLE!! WHAT IF A PINHEAD SHOWS UP. I GOTTA BE ON TOP OF THAT.
JERRY: No knock offs. I want the ones like the real players wear.
GEORGE: ??? KNOCK OFFS. I NOT GOING TO DO IT! AND YOU'RE GOING TO CALL STEINBRENNER BACK AND CANCEL THE WHOLE THING.
JERRY: Could you at least get a hat for me?
GEORGE: FINE? WHAT SIZE?
JERRY: Seven and five eighths
GEORGE: SEVEN AND FIVE EIGHTHS!!
JERRY: Why are you shouting?
GEORGE: I DON'T KNOW. It's this place. I'm very uncomfortable here.
[Elaine's]
HAL: So are you liking the mattress?
ELAINE: I am totally loving it. Uh, you know  we should um  get going.
HAL: What is that smell?
ELAINE: What smell?
HAL: I think it's the mattress. Did something happen to it.
ELAINE: No no, oh, you know what that is? I um, went claming the other day and I forgot to hose off my boots.
HAL: Claming?
ELAINE: Yeah, clam and scallop. I clam and scallop.
[Steinbrenner's office]
STEINBRENNER: Yes, yes, come in.
GEORGE: Sir, I just got a call from the terrorist. I told him to call back here.
STEINBRENNER: Just let me ask you something. Is it "February" or " February"? Because I prefer "Febuary" and what is this "ru"?
(phone ring)
GEORGE: Let me put that on speaker phone.
STEINBRENNER: Hello are you the bomber?
JERRY: Yes this is the terrorist bomber.
STEINBRENNER: Costanza here is busting his ass on those hats.
JERRY: think I've changed my mind.
STEINBRENNER: You don't want them, then goodbye.
GEORGE: ??? sir.
STEINBRENNER: Well what do you want instead?
JERRY: What?
STEINBRENNER: Well, you're the terrorist. You're going to want something.
JERRY: I guess it would be nice if you called all the ticket holders if the game was going to be rained out.
STEINBRENNER: All right George, you can handle that.
(George hangs up phone)
STEINBRENNER: Costanza what the hell are you doing?
GEORGE: You have to stand tough sir. That's why I had to hang up the phone.
STEINBRENNER: You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to run around the stadium and close all the windows. That's where I'm going, pal. And I'll tell you something else. I'm very nervous.
[On the street]
ELAINE: Gotta get some of that stuffed crust pizza. cheese crust pizza.
HAL: It's just more cheese.
ELAINE: I'll tell you something. It'll be years before they find places to hide more cheese on a pizza. Kramer!
KRAMER: Oh, hey,
ELAINE: Oh, hi. This is Hal. Hal, this is Kramer. Kramer, Hal.
KRAMER: Hal, .. uh Langerhans.
HAL: Kitzmiller.
KRAMER: Oh, Kitzmiller. That's right
ELAINE: You feeling jiff?
KRAMER: Oh, I'm jiff.
HAL: That smell
KRAMER: Oh, listen I gotta get to the pier. The ferry traffic is really bad around four thirty. Look, I still got the key to your apartment and I'll get it back to you as soon as I can.
ELAINE: Oh, baby.
[Under George's desk]
(alarm clock)
GEORGE: Finished.
[At the river]
HAL: Kramer? Can I talk to you a minute?
KRAMER: Yeah, sure, um, oh boy, . . .
HAL: Kitzmiller.
KRAMER: That's it.
HAL: You and Elaine are pretty close.
KRAMER: Oh, we go back a ways.
HAL: And you've, . . . how do I put this? You've been in her bed?
KRAMER: That's right.
HAL: But this isn't still going on.
KRAMER: No, no. She put a stop to that.
HAL: That's all I needed to know. So you actually swim in this thing?
KRAMER: Oh yeah. Exercises every muscle in the body. It's great for the back.
HAL: Great for the back. Right.
KRAMER: Four hours in this chop and I'm a full inch taller. . . . Giddyup.
[George's office]
STEINBRENNER: "Heatbreaker, Brewbaker, " Hey George, I remember that tune. George? George? Um, what's that ticking. Oh oh. Oh, oooh,wo wo wo wo . [runs out] fire in the hole!
[Elaine's]
ELAINE: I wouldn't believe the Lumbar Yard wouldn't pick this up. Ug, oh, okay, . . .
[Jerry's]
CONRAD: You want it back the way it was?
JERRY: Yeah, that's right.
CONRAD: You know I don't get you Seinfeld. You want something one day. The next day you don't like it. Come on man, make a decision.
(phone rings)
JERRY: One second. Hello.
ELAINE: Jerry you gotta help me. I threw my back out.
JERRY: Just lie down.
ELAINE: I am lying down. I am trapped under a funky mattress. I gotta go get a doctor or at least come over and roll this thing off of me.
JERRY: All right. I'll be right there., Conrad I gotta go.
CONRAD: Stay, go whatever.
[At the river, Hall and more people]
HAL: Hey, Kramer.
KRAMER: What's going on?
HAL: I told my Chiropractor how swimming in the river made my back heal. He recommended it to all his patients.
OLD MAN: Step aside.
KRAMER: He just sunk like a stone.
[Steinbrenner's office]
GEORGE: Sir, I'm sure it's not a police matter.
STEINBRENNER: Don't be so sure George. Mess with them and they're messing with you. All right boys send it in
(bomb disposal robot enters George's office)
STEINBRENNER: What's that figure ahead? Is that anything? Okay, let's check the desk. That's where I heard the ticking. Search each one of those drawers starting with the top one. So, empty calories and male curiosity, eh, Georgie?
BOMB COP: Looks like there's more compartments underneath.
STEINBRENNER: Compartments underneath, that's probably where it is. Okay boys, let 'er rip. I'll tell you what George. Starting tomorrow no more desks. Just Lucite tables and four leSTEINBRENNER.
[East River]
KRAMER: Hey, watch where you're kicking!
ELAINE: Kramer.
KRAMER: Elaine
ELAINE: I can't believe it. Hey, I'll meet you at the coffee shop.
KRAMER: Yeah.
ELAINE: Yeah.
[Jerry's]
GEORGE: Hi Connie, Jerry around?
CONRAD: No, and I prefer "Conrad". So I heard what happened to the desk.
GEORGE: There was something so reassuring about that cozy little space.
CONRAD: Yeah, well, whatever. See ya'
[Later at Jerry's]
(Jerry enters)
JERRY: Ah, back to normal. Not bad for four thousand bucks. . . . I can't believe I got the Low Fat!
[Jerry with George and his girlfriend Marcy at Monk's.]
GEORGE: So, Marcy, you should've seen me in the hot tub yoday.
MARCY: Why?
GEORGE: I was naked.
MARCY: Oh, George.
JERRY: I saw it.
MARCY: How'd he look?
JERRY: Okay. I wouldn't see it again.
MARCY: You know, a friend of mine thought she got Legonare's disease in the hot tub.
GEORGE: Really? What happened?
MARCY: Oh, yada yada yada, just some bad egg salad. I'll be right back. (She gets up)
JERRY: I noticed she's big on the phrase "yada yada."
GEORGE: Is "yada yada" bad?
JERRY: No, "yada yada" is good. She's very succinct.
GEORGE: She is succinct.
JERRY: Yeah, it's like you're dating USA Today. (Tim the dentist enters Monk's)
GEORGE: Hey.
JERRY: Hey, George, you know Tim Whatley.
GEORGE: Yeah, dentist of the stars.
JERRY: What's up?
TIM: I'll tell you what's up. I'm a Jew.
JERRY: Excuse me?
TIM: I'm a Jew. I finished converting two days ago.
JERRY: Well... (Thinking of something to say) Welcome aboard.
TIM: Thanks.
GEORGE: Hey, where you just at the health club?
TIM: Oh, well, I didn't do much. I just sat in the sauna. You know, it was more like a Jewish workout. I'll see ya. (Jerry and George give confused looks)
[Elaine and Jerry at his place.]
JERRY: Elaine, the guy's Jewish two days, he's already making Jewish jokes.
ELAINE: So what? When someone turns twenty-one, they usually get drunk the first night.
JERRY: Booze is not a religion.
ELAINE: Tell that to my father. Anyway, guess what? Beth Lookner called me.
JERRY: Ooh. Beth Lookner, still waitin' out hat marriage.
ELAINE: What are you talking about? That marriage ended six months ago. She's already remarried.
JERRY: I gotta get on that internet. I'm late on everything.
ELAINE: Anyway, Beth and her new husband Arnie have listed me a reference for an adoption agency. They're trying to get a baby. (Kramer and Mickey enter wearing the same shirt)
KRAMER: Elaine, all right, who looks better in this shirt? Me or Mickey?
MICKEY: We're double dating tonight, and if we wear the same shirt we'll look like idiots.
ELAINE: Hmm, turn around. (They turn around) Both so striking.
KRAMER: Tell me about it. We just picked up two women at the Gap.
ELAINE: How did you decide which one of you would date which girl? (They pause then look at each other)
[Marcy and George in his car.]
MARCY: So I'm on 3rd Avenue, mindin' my own business, and, yada yada yada, I get a free massage and a facial.
GEORGE: What a succinct story.
MARCY: I'm surprised you drive a Cadillac.
GEORGE: Oh, it's not mine. It's my mother's.
MARCY: Are you close with your parents?
GEORGE: Well, they gave birth to me, and, yada yada...
MARCY: Yada what?
GEORGE: Yada yada yada...
[At Mickey and Kramer's date.]
KAREN: (To Mickey, wearing the shirt Elaine looked at for them) I like your shirt.
MICKEY: Oh, thank you. It's 100 cotton, and some wool.
KRAMER: Well, you too seem to have the same taste.
JULIE: Well I like it, too.
KRAMER: Well I have the same shirt.
MICKEY: Yeah, well I'm wearin' it.
JULIE: I like your shirt too.
KAREN: Oh, so do I.
KRAMER: Oh. (Waiter approaches table)
WAITER: Anything to drink? Some wine, perhaps.
MICKEY: I like Merlot.
KAREN: I love Merlot.
JULIE: I'm crazy about Merlot.
KRAMER: I live for Merlot.
WAITER: We're out of Merlot.
[Cut to the adoption agency.]
AGENT: So you, uh, know Betha and Arnie pretty well?
ELAINE: Oh, yeah, yeah.
AGENT: Do you socialize with them often?
ELAINE: Yeah, we got out to dinner a lot. Usually Chinese, well sometimes Thai. And we go to the movies, Arnie's a real film buff.
AGENT: Oh.
ELAINE: Actually, I remember this one time, um, this is funny. Um, we went to see the movie Striptease. I don't know if you've seen... doesn't matter. Anyway, I was whispering something to Beth, and Arnie leens over to me, and he goes, "Would you SHUT UP?!" I mean, he barely even knew me. Where did he get ah-- But they're nice people. (Elaine tries to smile realizing her mistake)
[Jerry is in the dental chair when George enters.]
GEORGE: Oh, you're in here.
JERRY: What're you doing here?
GEORGE: I knew you had an appointment.
JERRY: Well this is very awkward.
GEORGE: I'll leave when the guy comes in. I gotta tell you, I am loving this yada yada thing. You know, I can cross over my whole life story. (Picks up dental tool)
JERRY: Hey, you don't play with that. That's going in my mouth.
GEORGE: Hey, what this thing? Whew!
JERRY: All right, that's enough. Now get going. Get outta here. (Tim and his staff enter)
GEORGE: Hey, Tim. Quick question. Is it normal for your teeth to make noises, like a hissing or a chirping?
JERRY: George...
TIM: Um...
GEORGE: Fine, I'll make an appointment. (He leaves)
TIM: All right, it is cavity time. Ah, here we go. Which reminds me, did you here the one about the rabbi and the farmer's daughter? Huh?
JERRY: Hey.
TIM: Those aren't mahtzah balls.
JERRY: Tim, do you think you should be making jokes like that?
TIM: Why not? I'm Jewish, remember?
JERRY: I know, but...
TIM: Jerry, it's our sense of humor that sustained us as a people for 3000 years.
JERRY: 5000.
TIM: 5000, even better. Okay, Chrissie. Give me a schtickle of flouride.
[Jerry and Elaine at Jerry's apartment.]
JERRY: And then he asked the assistant for a schtickle of flouride.
ELAINE: Why are you so concerned about this?
JERRY: I'll tell you why. Because I believe Whatley converted to Judaism just for the jokes. (Phone rings)
PHONE: Would you be interested in a subscription to the New York Times?
JERRY: Yes. (Slams down phone. Kramer and Mickey enter)
KRAMER: I don't believe that.
MICKEY: If you had gotten into the backseat of the car we could've figured this whole thing out.
KRAMER: Why were you holding the door open for?
MICKEY: Not for you! Who holds a door open for a man?
KRAMER: Well, I thought it was a nice gesture. But I guess I was wrong!
MICKEY: Let's just put they're names in a hat.
KRAMER: I don't even know their names! Look, why don't you just take the one that was on the left?
MICKEY: I'm not sure she was my type.
KRAMER: Oh, everybody's your type.
MICKEY: What the hell does that mean?
KRAMER: You've been married three times.
MICKEY: That's it, it's go time! (Charges toward Kramer, only to be held back by Jerry and Elaine)
JERRY: All right, take it easy.
ELAINE: Hey, hey, hey!
KRAMER: Come on, let him go. You want throw? Let's throw!
ELAINE: Hey! Hold on a second. All right, look, I got an idea. Why don't you just show up early for your next date, sit across from each other, and see who the girls sit next to.
MICKEY: That's not bad.
KRAMER: All right, so we let the girls decide.
MICKEY: Yeah, why should we knock ourselves out?
KRAMER: Yeah, I wanna wear that shirt next time.
MICKEY: No, no one wears the shirt next time.
KRAMER: That's right, 'cause they already saw it.
MICKEY: We'll look like idiots. (They exit)
[George and Marcy at Monk's.]
GEORGE: Well, we were engaged to be married, uh, we bought the wedding invitations, and, uh, yada yada yada, I'm still single.
MARCY: So what's she doing now?
GEORGE: Yada.
MARCY: Speaking of ex's, my old boyfriend came over late last night, and, yada yada yada, anyway. I'm really tired today.
[Beth and Arnie see Elaine walking down the street.]
ELAINE: Beth, Arnie, hi. What's up?
ARNIE: Well our adoption application was denied.
ELAINE: Really.
BETH: The adoption agent seems to feel that Arnie has a violent temper.
ELAINE: Oh.
BETH: So we're just asking our friends what they may have said to the adoption agent.
ELAINE: Uh, you know, I just told them what kind people you are and, uh, yada yada yada, that is it.
[Cut to the dentist waiting room.]
JERRY: How you doing?
FATHER: I have a discomfort in my molar. (Enter Tim)
TIM: Well, the Curtis, why don't you come in? (To Jerry) Father Curtis, good guy. Oh, which reminds me, did you hear the one about the Pope and Raquel Welch on the lifeboat, huh? I'll tell you later. (Exits)
JERRY: Whatley. (Like "Newman")
[At Kramer and Mickey's date, they enter to find the girls already at the table.]
KRAMER: What are they doing here?
MICKEY: I told you we should've gotten here a half hour early.
KRAMER: All right, all right. Now what're we gonna do?
MICKEY: All right, don't panic. Let's just decide now. Which one do you want?
KRAMER: All right, I'll take Julie.
MICKEY: I knew you wanted her. That's who I wanted.
KRAMER: All right, I'll take Karen.
MICKEY: No, no, you think I'm fallin' for that? I'll take Karen.
KRAMER: All right, which one is Julie? (They walk over to the table and fight over who sits where) Hey, you ladies look lovely tonight. (Continue to struggle)
[Jerry's.]
JERRY: So Whatley sayd to me, "Hey, I can make Catholic jokes, I used to be Catholic."
ELAINE: You see, I don't think it is a Catholic joke. I think it's more of a Raquel Welch joke. What was it? No, I said hand me the buoys. (Laughing) Bouys!
JERRY: Don't you see what Whatley is after? Total joke telling immunity. He's already got the two big religions covered, if he ever gets Polish citizenship there'll be no stopping him.
ELAINE: So what're you gonna do?
JERRY: I think this Father Curtis might be very interested to hear what Whatley has the Pope doing with Raquel Welch.
ELAINE: (Calling on phone) Hey, Beth, Arnie, it's Elaine. Um, thought you guys might wanna have lunch. Gimme a call. Bye.
JERRY: They're not getting a baby so you're taking them out to lunch?
ELAINE: Thought it would be nice.
JERRY: Poor Beth.
ELAINE: Hey, Arnie's just as upset.
JERRY: Oh screw him! (George enters)
GEORGE: Listen to this. Marcy comes up and she tells me her ex-boyfriend was over late last night, and "yada yada yada, I'm really tired today." You don't think she yada yada'd sex.
ELAINE: (Raising hand) I've yada yada'd sex.
GEORGE: Really?
ELAINE: Yeah. I met this lawyer, we went out to dinner, I had the lobster bisk, we went back to my place, yada yada yada, I never heard from him again.
JERRY: But you yada yada'd over the best part.
ELAINE: No, I mentioned the bisk.
GEORGE: Well, I gotta do somethin'. (Walks over to bathroom. Kramer enters)
KRAMER: Well, I gotta do somethin'.
JERRY: George is already in there.
KRAMER: (Confused) No, Mickey and I, we can't work it out. You know, I'm thinking of asking that Karen out by myself.
JERRY: I thought you were leaning towards Julie.
KRAMER: I was, but the one I thought was Julie turned out to be Karen.
[George and Marcy at Monk's.]
GEORGE: Well it was a helluva yada yada.
MARCY: He's moving to Seattle. We wanted to say goodbye, I was just getting out of the shower, and yada yada yada--
GEORGE: All right, enough! Enough! From now on, no more yada yada's. Just give me the full story.
MARCY: Okay.
GEORGE: Tell me about the free facial.
MARCY: Okay, well, like I said I was on 3rd Avenue, and I stopped by a large department store.
GEORGE: Which one?
MARCY: Bloomingdale's.
GEORGE: Very good. Go on.
MARCY: Oh, and I stole a Piaget watch.
GEORGE: What's that?
MARCY: And then, I was on such a... high, that I went upstairs to the salon on the fifth floor, and got a massage and facial, and skipped out on the bill.
GEORGE: Shoplifting.
MARCY: Well, what about you? You told me that you were engaged. What was the rest of that? (Pause)
[Jerry at the church approaches a nun.]
JERRY: Excuse me, Mother?
NUN: Sister.
JERRY: Sister, right. Do you know when Father Curtis has office hours?
NUN: Well not until tomorrow.
JERRY: Hmm, I really need to speak with him.
(Jerry enters confessional, sits down on kneeler. Father Curtis opens sliding door.)
FATHER: That's a kneeler.
JERRY: Oh. (Adjusts accordingly)
FATHER: Tell me your sins, my son.
JERRY: Well I should tell you that I'm Jewish.
FATHER: That's no sin.
JERRY: Oh good. Anyway, I wanted to talk to you about Dr. Whatley. I have a suspicion that he's converted to Judaism just for the jokes.
FATHER: And this offends you as a Jewish person.
JERRY: No, it offends me as a comedian. And it'll interest you that he's also telling Catholic jokes.
FATHER: Well.
JERRY: And they're old jokes. I mean, the Pope and Raquel Welch in a lifeboat.
FATHER: I haven't heard that one.
JERRY: Oh, I'm sure you have. They're out on the ocean and, yada yada yada, and she says, "Those aren't buoys." (Father starts laughing) Father...
FATHER: One second... Well, if it would make you feel better I could speak to Dr. Whatley. I have to go back and have a wisdom teeth removed.
JERRY: You know the difference between a dentist and a sadist don't you?
FATHER: Um...
JERRY: Newer magazines.
FATHER: Now if you'll excuse me. (Closes door. George enters confessional.)
GEORGE: Jerry, I gotta talk to you.
[Kramer knocks on Karen's apartment door, she opens the door.]
KRAMER: Hi.
KAREN: Hi, Kramer.
KRAMER: Got a minute?
KAREN: Uh, actually my parents are over, but, would you like to meet them?
KRAMER: Sure.
KAREN: (Parents enter and are little people like Mickey) Mom, Dad.
KRAMER: Hi.
[At Monk's, Arnie is talking to Elaine.]
ARNIE: Elaine, I have to ask you something. What exactly happened down there?
ELAINE: Well, I don't know. I mean, I talked to him and, blah blah blah, he asked about you guys and, da da da da da, more questions, bleh bleh bleh....
ARNIE: All right, shut up!
ELAINE: Again you are telling me to shut up?
ARNIE: What?
ELAINE: You yelled that time at the movies. That's why you're not getting the baby.
ARNIE: Oh my God. How am I gonna tell Beth?
ELAINE: Look, I'll go down and talk to this adoption guy and I'll make sure that it all gets worked out.
ARNIE: All right, just don't screw it up this time! (He exits)
ELAINE: See, again with the yelling. Not a fan of the yelling.
[At the dentist, Tim is working on Jerry.]
JERRY: (In pain) Oh, are you about done?
TIM: I'm just getting warmed up. Because I'm just a sadist with newer magazines.
JERRY: Huh?
TIM: Father Curtis told me about your little joke.
JERRY: What about all your Jewish jokes?
TIM: I'm Jewish, you're not a dentist. You have no idea what my people have been through.
JERRY: The Jews?
TIM: No, the dentists. You know, we have the highest suicide rate of any profession?
JERRY: Is that why it's so hard to get an appointment?
[Jerry enters his apartment to see Kramer talking on his phone.]
KRAMER: So, I'll uh... all right. (Hangs up)
JERRY: Date with Karen?
KRAMER: No, Julie. She's the one.
JERRY: What happened to Karen?
KRAMER: Well, Mickey and her have a lot more in common. you know her parents are little people?
JERRY: Oh, small world. So little people can have not little people children?
KRAMER: Oh yeah, and vice versa. Mother Nature's a mad scientist, Jerry.
JERRY: So you won't believe what happened with Whatley today. It got back to hime that I made this little dentist joke and he got all offended. Those people can be so touchy.
KRAMER: Those people, listen to yourself.
JERRY: What?
KRAMER: You think that dentists are so different from me and you? They came to this country just like everybody else, in search of a dream.
JERRY: Kramer, he's just a dentist.
KRAMER: Yeah, and you're an anti-dentite.
JERRY: I am not an anti-dentite!
KRAMER: You're a rabid anti-dentite! Oh, it starts with a few jokes and some slurs. "Hey, denty!" Next thing you know you're saying they should have their own schools.
JERRY: They do have their own schools!
KRAMER: Yeah!
[At the adoption agency]
ELAINE: One little baby, whatever you have in stock.
AENT: Miss Benes...
ELAINE: Look it, look it, Ryan. These people are gettin' a baby. Period. Now we can do this the easy way, or we can do this the fun way.
[Beth enters Jerry's place.]
BETH: Jerry, I'm sorry to bother you, but you always said you'd be there for me.
JERRY: Well, what's wrong?
BETH: I'm thinking of leaving Arnie.
JERRY: Talk to me.
BETH: He met with Elaine, and I asked him what happened, and he yada yada'd me. I mean, could he be having an affair?
JERRY: Well, I wouldn't put anything past anybody.
BETH: But we just got married.
JERRY: Well obviously that was a mistake. You need to forget about Arnie. The important thing is you're moving on.
BETH: Why would Elaine do that to me?
JERRY: Forget about Elaine. Let's just focus on us. Come on, big hug. (Mickey and Karen enter)
MICKEY: Hey Jerry. Where's Kramer? I've got exciting news.
JERRY: I'm kinda in the middle of something.
MICKEY: Karen and I are getting married.
JERRY: Oh, congratulations. Her marriage just fell apart.
MICKEY: (To Beth) How many is that for you?
BETH: Two.
MICKEY: You're a lightweight. Come on, honey.
[One week later at the wedding. Elaine is sitting with adoption agent. Jerry enters with Beth.]
ELAINE: Hey Jerry. What are you doing here with Beth?
JERRY: Beth and Arnie broke up.
ELAINE: So they don't want a baby?
JERRY: (Shaking his head no) Pff.
ELAINE: (Realizes her mistake) I think I'm gonna be sick. (George enters alone)
JERRY: Hey, where's Marcy?
GEORGE: She, uh, went shopping for some shoes for the wedding and, yada yada yada, I'll see her in six to eight months. (Kramer and Julie enter)
JERRY: Hey, Kramer, over here.
KRAMER: I just assume not sit next to you.
JERRY: Kramer... Oh look, there's Mickey and his parents.
ELAINE: Nice looking family.
JERRY: Very handsome.
KRAMER: (To Mr. Abbott) How ya doing?
MR. ABBOTT: Hey Kramer.
JULIE: Oh Mickey. Excuse me, I can't take this. (She exits quickly)
JERRY: Hi, Mr. Abbott.
MR. ABBOTT: That's Dr. Abbott, D.D.S. Tim Whatley was one of my students. And if this wasn't my son's wedding day, I'd knock you teeth out you anti-dentite bastard.
BETH: What was that all about?
JERRY: Oh, I said something about dentists and it got blown all out of proportion.
BETH: Hey, what do you call a doctor who fails out of med school?
JERRY: What?
BETH: A dentist. (They laugh)
JERRY: That's a good one. Dentists.
BETH: Yeah, who needs 'em? Not to mention the Blacks and the Jews. (Jerry fakes a smile)
(A little later)
ELAINE: Where's Beth?
JERRY: She went out to get her head shaved.
FATHER: We are gathered her today to unite this couple in holy... matrimony.
JERRY: Those wisdom teeth are tough to get out.
FATHER: Marriage is not an intervention to be entered lightly... Yada yada yada, I pronounce you man and wife. (They kiss, walk toward exit)
KAREN: (To Kramer) I really wanted you.
[Putumayo]
(Inside a store full of ethnic merchandise. Elaine is examining some sort of footwear, while behind the counter Gladys is on the phone.)
ELAINE: Uh, excuse me.
GLADYS: Be with you in a minute. (turns her back to Elaine and continues into phone) No, you shoulda come last night, it was fun.
ELAINE: Uhm, I just have a question.
GLADYS: (into phone) I know, the margaritas in that place are so strong.
ELAINE: (walks up to counter) Helloo? I'd like to buy these hirachis.
GLADYS: (into phone) So? What else is goin' on?
ELAINE: (shouts) HEY!!
GLADYS: Listen, I'll call you back. (to Elaine) Yes? What can I do for you?
ELAINE: (tosses the hirachis onto the counter) Nothing. You, just lost a customer.
(Elaine stalks to the door, but ruins her exit by trying to push open a door she should pull.)
[Valerie's Apartment]
(Jerry, pulling on his jacket, and Valerie preparing to leave.)
VALERIE: Ready to go? I don't wanna miss the previews.
JERRY: Me neither. I love the previews. In fact I enjoy being in the theatre cut up(?). Last week after a preview, I yelled out 'Must miss'.
VALERIE: I think that I was in that theatre. That, that was really funny.
JERRY: Yeah, it got a good laugh. Let me just check my messages before we go.
(Valerie heads toward the door. Jerry sits by the phone, lifts the receiver and prepares to dial. As he does so, he notices button '07' on the speed-dial is marked 'JERRY'. He looks surprised and pleased together.)
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Jerry and George stood talking.)
GEORGE: So you're on the speed dial?
JERRY: After two dates!
GEORGE: What number?
JERRY: Seven.
GEORGE: Wha! You know, it's a pain to change that. You gotta lift up that plastic thing with a pen.
(The door opens and Kramer enters. He's carrying a couple of folding chairs in each hand.)
KRAMER: Uh, hey buddy.
JERRY: Hey.
(Kramer carries the chairs across the room.)
KRAMER: It all right if I keep these here for a while? I'm having a New Year's Eve party.
JERRY: You're gonna keep these here for eight months?!
(Kramer props the chairs up against a wall.)
KRAMER: No, Jerry. New Year's Eve nineteen ninety-nine. The millennium. I told you about that.
JERRY: Kramer, you're gonna leave these chairs here for two and a half years?!
KRAMER: You're not gonna see 'em. I got a case of party poppers I'm gonna keep in front of 'em.
(Kramer exits. George has taken one of the chairs, unfolded it, and is sat withhis feet up on the back of the couch, hands behind his head.)
GEORGE: Hey, so get this. I get a call this morning from one of the Mets front office guys. They wanna take me out to lunch.
JERRY: What for?
GEORGE: (smiling) I'm on a winning ball club, Jerry. They probably wanna pick my brains.
JERRY: Really, why d'you think they're taking you out to lunch?
GEORGE: (thoughtful) I have no idea.
(Elaine enters, throws her bag on the table. She's in a bad mood.)
ELAINE: Alright, I have had it with those Mayans.
JERRY: I don't mind the Mayans.
(Elaine gets another of the folding chairs.)
ELAINE: (unfolding chair) You know that store, Putumayo? (sits) I was trying to buy these hirachis, right, and the saleswoman just completely ignored me.
(Kramer enters carrying more chairs.)
KRAMER: What, we talking hirachis? I know a great store for hirachis.
ELAINE: No, no, not Putumayo.
KRAMER: No, no. Cinqo de Mayo. (leaving) Yeah, Marcellino, he turned me on to it, and he's one sixty-fourth Mayan.
GEORGE: (slightly worried) You know, I'm starting to get a little nervous about this lunch.
ELAINE: What'd you have?
(Kramer enters again. This time he has a large bunch of multi-coloured balloons on ribbons. He ties the bunch to Elaine's chair.)
KRAMER: Yeah, I'm gonna keep these here too, huh? They'll be alright. (begins to leave)
JERRY: Kramer, these balloons aren't gonna stay filled till New Year's!
KRAMER: (at the door) Well, those aren't for New Year's. Those are my everyday balloons.
[Monk's]
(George sits in a booth. Opposite him are two guys from the Mets.)
MINKLER: George, we'll be blunt. The Mets need somebody to head up scouting, and we think that someone might be you.
GEORGE: (surprise) Head of scouting?
MOONEY: Interested?
GEORGE: (playing it cool) I'm still here.
MINKLER: Now, unfortunately, league rules prevent us from making you an offer while you're still under contract.
MOONEY: You understand what we're talking about?
GEORGE: So you're talking...
MINKLER: No, no.
MOONEY: We're *not* talking. We're just, talking.
GEORGE: So, you need me to get fired.
MINKLER: We didn't say that.
MOONEY: We couldn't say that, because even if we did...
MINKLER: ...we couldn't say that we said it.
MOONEY: You see what we're saying?
GEORGE: (jokingly) You are still paying for this lunch?
MINKLER: (serious) We didn't say that.
[Valerie's Apartment]
(Valerie is sitting by her phone, having just finished some adjustment. Jerry arrives, obviously a little rushed.)
JERRY: Hi. Sorry I'm late. There's a lotta chairs and balloons in my apartment. How 'bout I make it up to you with dinner?
VALERIE: (pointedly) Someplace nice this time?
JERRY: Yeah, I'm sorry about that Mongolian barbecue last night. I'd heard good things.
VALERIE: (rising) I don't know, got a two in Zagat's.
(Valerie rises and leaves the room. As she goes, Jerry sits beside the phone.)
JERRY: Lemme just check my messages. (to himself) Maybe a nicer girl called.
(Jerry presses the '07' button, without looking.)
VOICE (O.C.): Hello?
JERRY: Hello? Who's this?
VOICE (O.C.): Jane. What number did you dial?
(He looks down at the speed-dial and sees button '07' now marked 'JANE', and his name now next to '09'.)
JERRY: Seven?
[Putumayo]
(Gladys is behind the counter. Through the window, Elaine can be seen outside. Elaine bangs on the window to get Gladys' attention.)
ELAINE: Hey! See these? (raises her foot so her new hirachis can be seen) Cinqo de Mayo! Sales commission, bye-bye-o! (waves)
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Jerry and Kramer sit at the table. Jerry reading a newspaper, Kramer with a clipboard. George is heard outside the door.)
GEORGE (O.C.): (singing) Meet the Mets...
(George enters, looking pleased with himself.)
GEORGE: ...meet the Mets. Come on in and greet the Mets.
JERRY: Good meeting?
GEORGE: There was no meeting. (gets one of the folding chairs) But it was quite a meeting. You are looking at the next director of Mets scouting. The only thing is, I have to get fired from the Yankees first.
JERRY: You can do that.
GEORGE: Of course. But I really wanna leave my mark this time, you know, uh. I wanna walk away from the Yankees with people saying 'Wow! Now that guy got canned!'
JERRY: So you want to go out in a final blaze of incompetence?
GEORGE: Ehh. (nostalgic) Remember that summer at Dairy Queen where I cooled my feet in the soft-serve machine?
KRAMER: You think people will still be using napkins in the year two-thousand? Or is this mouth-vacuum thing for real?
(Jerry and George give Kramer a long look. Then break to continue their own conversation.)
JERRY: So, George...
GEORGE: Yeah.
JERRY: (rising) I had like a so-so date with Valerie, now I'm number nine on the speed-dial.
(Jerry moves to the kitchen, with George following.)
GEORGE: So?
JERRY: So? I used to be seven. I dropped two spots.
GEORGE: What, she's ranking you?
JERRY: Yeah, this speed-dial's like a relationship barometer.
GEORGE: What is a barometer exactly?
KRAMER: It's pronounced thermometer.
(Jerry gives another look to Kramer. George raises his eyes. Kramer rises and comes over to the guys.)
KRAMER: You know, in the year two-thousand, we'll all be on speed-dial. You'll just have to think of a person, they'll be talking to you. It'll be like, wup (judders and puts his hands to his temples, as if receiving a call on a 'mental phone') getting a call here.
KRAMER: (to Jerry and George) Hey, it's Newman. (to 'mental phone') Hey, how you doing, Newman?
(Jerry begins mouthing 'I'm not here' and making gestures indicating he doesn't want to talk to Newman.)
KRAMER: (to 'mental phone') Oh, you wanna talk to Jerry?
(Kramer leans toward Jerry, as if to allow him to use the 'mental phone'. Jerry throws his arms up in exasperation.)
[Valerie's Apartment]
(Jerry has just arrived and has presented Valerie with a floral bouquet.)
VALERIE: (pleased) Oh, flowers. You didn't have to do that. I mean, the dinner, and the play, and the hansom cab ride.
JERRY: Well, I just wanted to... (breaks off) You forgot the gift certificate to Barnes and Noble.
VALERIE: Oh.
JERRY: (resumes) ...you know, make a good impression.
VALERIE: I'm gonna go put these in some water.
JERRY: I like the way you think.
(Valerie leaves to the kitchen(?). The moment she's gone, Jerry rushes over to the phone. He picks it up to read the list of names on the speed-dial, and finds himself promoted to the '01' button.)
JERRY: Oh my God! Number one!! Seinfeld, you magnificent bastard!
[Yankees Boardroom]
(Wilhelm and some others are sitting around the big table. George is sitting down. He's wearing an old-fashioned baseball jersey. On the table in front of him, he places a large paper bag.)
GEORGE: Sorry I'm late, but look what I found in the Yankee Hall of Pride display case.
WILHELM: Isn't that Babe Ruth's uniform?
GEORGE: Is it? (reaches into bag)
(Wilhelm looks disturbed by George's actions.)
GEORGE: Huh, strawberries, anyone? (eats a strawberry) Ah, that's good. Ooh, juicy this time of year.
(He wipes strawberry juice from his fingers onto Babe Ruth's jersey.)
GEORGE: Gotta get the good ones.
(He fetches another over-ripe strawberry from the bag, and drops it onto the front of the jersey leaving a pulpy stain.)
GEORGE: Oh, that's bad. That's bad.
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Kramer sits at the table with his clipboard.)
KRAMER: So Jerry, my millennium party's really coming together. Will people be able to breathe underwater in the year two-thousand?
JERRY: Some of us.
KRAMER: (crumpling a piece of paper) I don't wanna exclude anybody.
(Elaine enters. She is festooned with Mayan goods. All her clothes, bag, earrings, everything.)
JERRY: Hola.
ELAINE: Shove it!
JERRY: What is all this?
ELAINE: I got all this junk at Cinqo de Mayo, because I was trying to show Putumayo how much business they'd lost. I mean, I been dancing (demonstrates dance) and strutting in front of their store for two days.
JERRY: Ah, no wonder we're getting so much rain.
KRAMER: Elaine, I'm having a millennium party, so save the date.
ELAINE: Hey, you know what? Newman sent me an invitation already, to his party.
(Elaine fishes in her bag for the invite.)
KRAMER: Newman?
ELAINE: Yeah.
(Elaine hands her invite to Kramer.)
KRAMER: (reads) Come celebrate the millennium, with Newmanniun. Newman!
[Jerry's Car]
(Jerry has stopped to pick someone up. A woman climbs into the passenger side.)
JERRY: Hi Valerie.
(The woman turns to face him.)
JERRY: You're not Valerie.
MRS HAMILTON: I'm her step-mother. Drive.
(Jerry does as he's told and sets off down the street.)
MRS HAMILTON: It's taken me thirteen years to climb up to the top of that speed-dial, and I don't intend to lose my spot to you.
JERRY: But, I never...
MRS HAMILTON: (threatening) You just stay away from that phone.
[Steinbrenner's Office]
(Steinbrenner behind his desk. George crosses the floor from the door.)
GEORGE: You wanted to see me, sir?
STEINBRENNER: I heard about what happened at the meeting this morning...
(George looks quietly pleased at his imminent dismissal.)
GEORGE: Oh, yes. I already packed up my desk, sir. I can be outta here in an hour.
STEINBRENNER: ...and I have to tell you, it's exactly what this organisation needed.
(George looks stunned as he realises he's not going to be fired.)
STEINBRENNER: We wanna look to the future, we gotta tear down the past. Babe Ruth was nothing more than a fat old man, with little-girl legs. And here's something I just found out recently. He wasn't really a sultan. Ah, what d'you make of that? Hey, check this out. (he stands to reveal he's wearing baseball pants) Lou Gehrig's pants. Not a bad fit. (a thought occurs) Hey, you don't think that nerve disease of his was contagious, do you? Uh, I better take 'em off. I'm too important to this team. (removes the pants to reveal his boxers) Big Stein can't be flopping and twitching.
(George is further discomfited by the sight of Steinbrenner in his underwear.)
STEINBRENNER: Hey, how 'bout some lunch. What're you going for?
[Valerie's Apartment]
(Jerry and Valerie are sitting on the couch, eating popcorn.)
JERRY: You know uh, Valerie, I uh, couldn't help but notice that I'm on your speed-dial.
VALERIE: You deserve it.
JERRY: But I can't help thinking that maybe there's someone in your life who deserves it more. Someone you've known, you know, more than a week.
VALERIE: My stepmother got to you, didn't she?
JERRY: What? No.
VALERIE: Uuh, I can't believe she did this again. That's it! She's off the speed-dial completely!
(Valerie gets up, stalks to the phone and sets about rejigging her speed-dial.)
JERRY: Yikes!
[Newman's Apartment]
(Newman sits at the table. Kramer has arrived and is holding his invitation.)
KRAMER: Well, I just got your invitation to the Newmanniun party.
NEWMAN: You just got it? Damn, the mail is slow.
KRAMER: (getting worked up) You knew I was having a millennium party, but you just had to throw yours on the same day!
NEWMAN: I have done nothing unethical.
KRAMER: Yeah, well you're gonna have to cancel it, because I've told everybody about my party.
NEWMAN: Cancel! (jumps to feet) Think again, longshanks! I started planning this in nineteen seventy-eight. I put a deposit down on that revolving restaurant that overlooks Times Square, and I booked Christopher Cross.
KRAMER: (worked up) Well, what am I gonna do? I got over two hundred folding chairs, and quite a bit of ice.
NEWMAN: (thoughtful) What kind?
KRAMER: Cubed.
NEWMAN: That's good stuff, and you can never have too much ice. Alright, I'll tell you what I'll do. You can co-host the party with me, under one condition. No Jerry. Jerry is not invited.
KRAMER: I gotta invite Jerry. He's my buddy.
NEWMAN: That he may be. But he's outta my life, starting in the year two-thousand. For me, the next millennium must be, Jerry-free!
[Cab]
(Jerry and George in the back of a taxi.)
JERRY: How could they not fire you?
GEORGE: Never thought I'd fail at failing.
JERRY: Aw, come on there now.
GEORGE: (depressed) Feel like I can't do anything wrong.
JERRY: Nonsense. You do everything wrong.
GEORGE: (hopeful) Everything?
JERRY: Everything.
GEORGE: You really think so?
JERRY: Absolutely. I have no confidence in you.
GEORGE: Alright. I guess I just have to pick myself up, dust myself off, and throw myself right back down again!
JERRY: That's the spirit. You suck!
GEORGE: (pleased) I know.
[Cinqo De Mayo]
(Elaine is talking with the saleswoman.)
ELAINE: No, no, no no, listen to me. I work in fashion. Together, we can drive Putumayo outta business and make Cinqo de Mayo numero uno... de Mayo.
(Gladys comes out behind the counter.)
GLADYS: Do you need some help with something?
ELAINE: (puzzled) You? What're you doing here?
GLADYS: I own this store.
ELAINE: No you don't. You own Putumayo. Unless you own both stores. (laughs nervously)
GLADYS: I'm Gladys Mayo.
(Realization dawns for Elaine. She begins to leave, slowly.)
ELAINE: Ah, this really sticks in my craw.
[Mrs Hamilton's Apartment]
(Jerry and Mrs Hamilton sitting on the couch. Mrs Hamilton is pouring out a couple of glasses of wine.)
JERRY: Well, Mrs Hamilton, it's certainly nice that you and Valerie patched things up, so we could all get together like this. Where is Valerie?
MRS HAMILTON: I'm sure she'll be along. (handing over a glass) Have some wine, Jerome.
JERRY: Okay.
(Mrs Hamilton leans back on the couch beside Jerry. She's sitting uncomfortably close to Jerry, and as she speaks she puts an arm along the top of the couch behind Jerry. (To cut it short, this scene plays pretty close to the early Dustin Hoffman/Anne Bancroft scenes in The Graduate.))
MRS HAMILTON: You know Jerome, I can understand what Valerie sees in you. So attractive, so strong, so comedic.
JERRY: Uh, good.
MRS HAMILTON: Jerome, I have a deliciously naughty idea.
JERRY: (nervous) What?
MRS HAMILTON: Why don't I put you on my speed-dial?
JERRY: I don't know, Mrs Hamilton. That doesn't sound...
MRS HAMILTON: Don't be such a child, Jerome. How's number three sound?
(Jerry leaps to his feet as Mrs Hamilton goes for her phone.)
JERRY: Valerie's not coming over, is she?
(Mrs Hamilton is programming her phone.)
MRS HAMILTON: Seven, four...
JERRY: No...
MRS HAMILTON: Two...
JERRY: Stop, stop. This isn't right. What about Valerie?
MRS HAMILTON: I won't tell if you don't.
JERRY: (leaving hurriedly) Wuhh...
[Kramer's Apartment]
(Kramer is asleep, but his sleep is fitful. He tosses and turns.)
KRAMER: Jerry... Newman... Two-thousand...
(Kramer suddenly sits bolt upright.)
KRAMER: (yells) Newmanniun!!
(He reaches over to his bedside table and picks up a photograph. It's of himself and Jerry at a previous party, looking happy together.)
KRAMER: (whimper) Jerry?
(Kramer clutches the photo to his chest, and flops back onto the mattress.)
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Jerry sits on his couch, watching baseball on TV. Steve Koren is commentating.)
KOREN (O.C.): Alright, Yankees, two. Orioles, nothing. Wait a minute! A short stocky bald man is streaking across the field.
JERRY: Oh my God, George!
KOREN (O.C.): Check that. He's not streaking. He's wearing a flesh-tone body-stocking. Apparently, he's a bit bashful, and oddly, no-one seems upset.
(Kramer enters.)
JERRY: Kramer, look, it's George.
KOREN (O.C.): Everyone loves him.
KRAMER: Yeah, yeah, I know. (he clicks off the TV) Listen, Jerry, I can't let you come to my New Year's party.
JERRY: (neutral) Fine.
KRAMER: (agitated) I mean, it's killing me! Newman's got the jump on the invites, and will crush me if I try to go it alone!
JERRY: (neutral) No problem.
KRAMER: (swung by Jerry's argument) You're right. I won't do it without you. I feel so ashamed I even thought of it, huh.
(Elaine enters.)
KRAMER: (pleading) Elaine, you can't go to Newman's Newmanniun.
ELAINE: (neutral) Okay.
KRAMER: No, no, no. You gotta spend New Year's nineteen ninety-nine with me and Jerry.
ELAINE: (neutral) Fine.
KRAMER: (frustrated shout) Oh come on!!
ELAINE: (neutral) Alright.
KRAMER: (triumph) Yesss! Alright, so it's you, it's me, and it's Jerry, huh. (claps hands) Yeah, now things are starting to snowball, huh. I'll tell Newman I don't need him. So, I'll uh, see you two in the twenty-first century.
(Kramer heads out the door.)
ELAINE: (following Kramer to the door) Okay. Kramer, Kramer, wait a minute. Do you still have that pricing-gun?
KRAMER: Yeah.
ELAINE: Okay, I need you to help me put Putumayo outta business.
KRAMER: Can do.
(Kramer leaves to his apartment. Elaine begins to follow.)
JERRY: What're you doing with a pricing-gun?
ELAINE: That place is about to have the sale of the century. Nothing over ninety-nine cents.
(Elaine leaves and shuts the door.)
JERRY: (to himself) Still a rip-off.
(The phone rings. Jerry picks up.)
JERRY: Hello?
(From here on, the scene is presented in a split-screen format, with Valerie and Mrs Hamilton in their respective apartments, sharing the screen with Jerry as appropriate.)
VALERIE: Jerry, I was just at my stepmom's house, and I saw that you were on her speed-dial.
JERRY: Uh, well, she uh, probably just wanted to be able to keep tabs on you.
(There is a beep on Jerry's phone as another call comes in.)
JERRY: Hold on a second.
(Jerry clicks the doofer to answer the other call.)
JERRY: Hello?
MRS HAMILTON: (seductive) Hi Jerome.
JERRY: Oh, Mrs Hamilton, this is a very bad time. I've got Valerie on the other line. Just a second.
(Jerry clicks.)
JERRY: Hello?
VALERIE: That's her on the other line, isn't it?
JERRY: Well...
VALERIE: Tell her I don't want you on her speed-dial.
JERRY: Hang on.
(Jerry clicks.)
JERRY: She knows about the speed-dial. Mrs Hamilton, you gotta get me off this thing.
MRS HAMILTON: I won't, until she puts me back on hers.
JERRY: Hang on.
(Jerry clicks.)
JERRY: She wants to be back on yours.
VALERIE: Fine. But only if you're off hers.
JERRY: Hang on.
(Jerry clicks.)
JERRY: Fine, if I'm off yours.
VALERIE: No, still me.
JERRY: Sorry. Hang on.
(Jerry clicks.)
JERRY: Fine, if I'm off yours.
MRS HAMILTON: I won't do it. It's my speed-dial, and I don't trust her.
JERRY: Please, Mrs Hamilton, this is very awkward for me.
MRS HAMILTON: (conspiratorial) Alright. I'll hide you in one of the emergency buttons.
JERRY: (hurried) Great, bye.
(Jerry clicks.)
JERRY: She said she'll do it.
VALERIE: Great.
(There's another beep, as another call comes in.)
JERRY: Hang on.
(Jerry clicks.)
JERRY: Hello?
[Yankee Stadium]
(George is at a public telephone, wearing the flesh-tone body-stocking and looking thoroughly dejected.)
GEORGE: Jerry. I can't get fired.
(A passing fan spots him.)
FAN: Hey, body-suit man. 's up?
(He slaps palms with George, who doesn't look especially pleased by the attention. The fan points out George to more fans.)
FAN: (pointing) Hey, body-suit man.
(The fans gather round, making positive noises. George looks resigned to his minor celebrity.)
[Putumayo]
(Gladys is behind the counter. Outside the door, Elaine peers in for a second before she moves back out of sight. Then, a be-suited Kramer is pushed into sight. He enters the store, smoking a cigar.)
KRAMER: Hi, I'm H.E. Pennypacker. I'm a wealthy American industrialist uh, looking to open a silver mine in the mountains of Peru and uh, before I invest millions in a lucrative mine, I, I'd like to go a little native. Uh, Get the feel of their condiments, of their unmentionables, you know, the real uh, gritty-gritty.
(He notices a bowl of chips beside the register and helps himself to some.)
GLADYS: Well, lemme show you what we have.
KRAMER: Well uh, I think I can just browse around on my own.
KRAMER: (re the chips) Hmm, Macchu Picchu. Are these free?
GLADYS: Yeah.
KRAMER: Hmm-mmm.
(Kramer strolls over to a rack and grabs a selection of a half-dozen items. He then heads for the changing room.)
GLADYS: Some of those are women's clothes.
KRAMER: Oh, not a problem.
(He pulls the curtain shut. The sound of a pricing gun can be heard. The clicking goes on for a couple of seconds, and then the gun is dropped. It lands by Kramer's feet and breaks, Kramer then exacerbates his problem by kicking the gun as he tries to retrieve it.)
[Yankee's Parking Lot]
(George is driving his car in a circle in the parking lot. Trailing behind the car, on a rope, is a trophy which bounces and clatters on the tarmac. George is leaning out of the car window, with a megaphone.)
GEORGE: Attention Steinbrenner and front-office morons! Your triumphs mean nothing. You all stink. You can sit on it, and rotate! This is George Costanza. I fear no reprisal. Extension five-one-seven-oh.
[Putumayo]
(Gladys is still behind the counter. Valerie and Mrs Hamilton are browsing the racks. Elaine enters and, holding her hand up to hide her face, she walks over to the changing room, pulls back the curtain and enters.)
KRAMER: L'Occupado.
ELAINE: Come on, what is taking you so long?
KRAMER: Elaine, I broke the price-gun, so I had to move to plan B.
ELAINE: Plan B? There is no plan B.
KRAMER: (holds up some small white sachets) I took these out of every single garment in the store.
ELAINE: What?!
KRAMER: They're dessicates. See, they absorb moisture. (gleeful) These clothes won't last five years without 'em.
ELAINE: That's not gonna do anything.
KRAMER: Patience.
ELAINE: Alright. Forget it!
KRAMER: What?
ELAINE: You have screwed me again, Pennypacker!
(Elaine leaves, hurrying through the store with her face shielded again.)
GLADYS: Ladies, care for some chips?
KRAMER: (emerging from the changing room) Well, I don't mind if I do.
(He takes a chip and dips it. As he loads the chip with the dip, a sachet of dessicate falls from his sleeve into the dip. He doesn't notice, and after consuming the chip he deposits the bundle of clothing onto the counter.)
KRAMER: Well, I've uh, I've changed my mind. I think I'm going to build a rollercoaster instead.
(Kramer leaves. Mrs Hamilton comes over to the counter, takes a chip, dips it into the dessicate-laced dip and eats it.)
[Steinbrenner's Office]
(George stands before Steinbrenner's desk, in his shirt-sleeves, nonchalantly eating something. He occasionally shrugs at Steinbrenner's remarks.)
STEINBRENNER: I heard what you did in the parking lot, big boy, and it is in-excuse-a-bull. You personally insulted me, my staff... I cannot believe that you, body-suit man, could perpetrate such a disloyalty. Breaks my heart to say it... Oh, who am I kidding? I love it. You're fi...
(George looks expectant, as Steinbrenner reaches this point. Suddenly, Mr Wilhelm enters the office.)
WILHELM: Wait, wait, Mr Steinbrenner. George doesn't deserve any of the blame for what happened in the parking lot today, sir. If there's anyone to blame here, it's me.
(George stares at Wilhelm in disbelief.)
STEINBRENNER: What're you talking about, Wilhelm. You popping pills? You got the crazies again?
WILHELM: No, no. No, no, sir. I ordered George to drive around insulting people today. Because I'm tired of all your macho head games.
GEORGE: (agitated) He's lying, sir! I'm tired of all your macho head games!
STEINBRENNER: Macho head games?
WILHELM: (puts arm round George's shoulder) He's just being loyal to me, sir.
STEINBRENNER: Wilhelm, you're fired. I owe you an apology, body-suit man. Streak on. (rising) Now, if you gentlemen'll excuse me, I'm not going to the game today, I'm gonna go outside and scalp some tickets. (heads toward the door) Owner's box, that's gotta bring in forty bucks, no problem.
GEORGE: Mr Wilhelm, what was that?!
WILHELM: I wanted to get fired. George, you are looking at the new head scout of the New York Mets.
(Wilhelm walks away toward the door, leaving George looking crushed.)
WILHELM: (singing) Meet the Mets, meet the Mets. Come right out and greet the Mets.
[Jerry's Apartment]
KRAMER: I don't know what Elaine is so upset about. I mean, without dessicates, those clothes'll be noticeably musty in five years.
JERRY: She never sees the big picture.
(There's a knock at the door. Jerry opens it to reveal Newman.)
JERRY: Hello, Newman!
NEWMAN: Hello Jerry. (to Kramer) What did you say to Elaine? I just got her cancellation in the mail.
KRAMER: Oh, well I guess she found some place better to go.
NEWMAN: Well, it's her mistake. Because she is going to miss the party of a lifetime.
KRAMER: Well, maybe so, but come midnight, when she's looking for someone warm and cuddly to kiss, I guess you'll be caught between the moon and New York City.
NEWMAN: Alright. Come back to my party, please.
KRAMER: Jerry too, of course.
NEWMAN: (reluctant) You don't wanna do your... act, or anything, do you?
JERRY: No.
NEWMAN: Alright then, I guess I can accept a little Jerry, if it gets me a (suggestive) lot of Elaine.
(Jerry pulls a disgusted face.)
KRAMER: Deal?
NEWMAN: To the Newmanniun! (holds out his hand)
KRAMER: (grasps Newman's hand) To the Kramennium.
(Kramer and Newman move to the door to leave. Newman stops as Jerry speaks to him, and Kramer exits to his apartment.)
JERRY: By the way Newman, I'm just curious. When you booked the hotel, did you book it for the millennium New Year?
NEWMAN: (smug) As a matter of fact, I did.
JERRY: Oh, that's interesting, because as everyone knows, since there was no year zero, the millennium doesn't begin until the year two-thousand and one. Which would make your party, one year late, and thus, quite lame.
(Newman absorbs the logic of Jerry's argument. His face twitches as he realises his error.)
JERRY: Aww!
(Newman makes a noise redolent of his frustration - a sort of half-strangulated nasal squeak. He then waddles away after Kramer.)
[Mrs Hamilton's Apartment]
(Valerie and Mrs Hamilton sit on the couch. Mrs Hamilton looks nauseous.)
MRS HAMILTON: I don't feel well at all. I feel all dried-out inside.
VALERIE: I'll call for help.
(She picks up the phone and pushes a button marked 'Poison Control'.)
[Mrs Hamilton's Apartment/Jerry's Apartment]
JERRY: Hello?
VALERIE: Who's this?
JERRY: It's Jerry. Who's this?
VALERIE: Uh, it's Valerie.
JERRY: Oh, hi Valerie. What's up?
VALERIE: I'll tell you what's up. My stepmother is violently ill, so I hit the button for poison control and I get you!
JERRY: Wow, poison control? That's even higher than number one!
(Valerie hangs up the phone.)
JERRY: Hello?
[Jerry and George walking down the street.]
JERRY: Hang on just let me pick up a paper.
MAN: Excuse me. Would you mind watching my bag for a minute?
GEORGE: Yeah. No problem.
JERRY: Let's go.
GEORGE: Woah, I gotta watch this guy's bag.
JERRY: For how long?
GEORGE: I'm sure he'll be back in a second.
JERRY: Come on.
GEORGE: Excuse me sir. Would you mind watching my bag for a minute?
MAN 2: Why? So I can stand here like an idiot not knowing if you'll ever come back?
(Jerry starts to leave.)
GEORGE: Where are you going?
JERRY: I'm going to be this guy's friend.
[Jerry and George at Monk's]
JERRY: New clothes?
GEORGE: Yeah. I did some shopping. Some new clothes shopping. (turns to a man) Can I borrow your menu?
JERRY: Strange. For new pants, there's noticable wear on the buttocks of those chinos. Wait those are the clothes from the bag!
GEORGE: The guy never came back.
JERRY: He asked you to watch them not wear them.
GEORGE: I'm still watching them.
JERRY: You look like a tourist.
GEORGE: All right, let me ask you something: When do you start to worry about ear hair?
JERRY: When you hear like a soft russeling.
GEORGE: It's like puberty that never stops. Ear puberty, nose puberty, knuckle puberty, you gotta be vigilent. Let me ask you this: Do you know where Walker Street is downtown? I've got a league meeting there.
JERRY: Oh right, the new job, how is it?
GEORGE: I love it. New office, new salary. I'm the new Wilhelm.
JERRY: So who's the new you?
GEORGE: They got a new intern from Francis Louis High. His name is Keith. He comes in Mondays after school.
JERRY: Oh hi Alex.
ALEX: I'm sorry I'm late. Have you ordered yet?
JERRY: No.
ALEX: I'll be right back.
GEORGE: Where are you meeting these women? When they get off the bus at the port authority?
JERRY: Right here, George. In here. (pointing to his chest) Try opening this up. You'll find the biggest dating scene in the world.
GEORGE: Thanks. Thanks a lot.
[Kramer in Jerry's apartment. Kramer searches in Jerry's couch for something and picks it up. Elaine enters. Kramer hurriedly puts the cushions back on the couch.]
KRAMER: Hey.
ELAINE: Hey.
KRAMER: Hi.
ELAINE: Where's Jerry?
KRAMER: Well he's in the shower. You want me to get him?
ELAINE: No. No no. Actually I kind of need to speak to you.
KRAMER: Well let's sit down.
ELAINE: Kramer, ahem, remember that whole deal with you selling Peterman your stories for his book and then he gave them back to you?
KRAMER: Vaguely.
ELAINE: Well I was kind of, hehehe, short on material and I, um, I put them in the book anyway.
KRAMER: You put my life's stories in his autobiography?
ELAINE: Kramer listen, it is such a stupid book. It doesn't matter.
KRAMER: Oh no. Sure. It matters. Wow. I've broken through, huh. I'm part of popular culture now. Listen I've got to thank Mr. Peterman.
ELAINE: He's doing a book signing at Waldenbooks this afternoon.
KRAMER: Waldenbooks? That's a major chain huh.
(Kramer enters the bathroom.)
KRAMER: He Jerry, I'm going to waldenbooks.
JERRY: (yelling) Get out! Get out! I don't want to live like this.
KRAMER: All right, let's go.
[At Waldenbooks.]
ELAINE: Mr. Lippman, how are you?
MR. LIPPMAN: Well I'm not bad. Not bad.
ELAINE: What are you doing here?
MR. LIPPMAN: I work for Pundant Publishishing. This is our book.
ELAINE: Oh.
MR. LIPPMAN: If you can call it that. Why is it every half-wit and sitcom star has his own book out now?
KRAMER: Hey buddy. Remember me?
MR. PETERMAN: You're that gangly fellow we bought the stories from.
KRAMER: Yeah, I'm just here to do my part. What's your name darling?
WOMAN:: Who are you?
KRAMER: I'm the real Peterman.
MR. PETERMAN: All right playtime's over.
KRAMER: Relax man. There's enough juice here to keep us all fat and giggley.
WOMAN: I can't believe somebody pulled the top off of this muffin.
ELAINE: That was me. I'm sorry. I don't like the stumps.
MR. LIPPMAN: So you just eat the tops.
ELAINE: Oh yeah. It's the best part. It's crunchy, it's explosive, it's where the muffin breaks free of the pan and sort of (makes hand motions) does it's own thing. I'll tell you. That's a million dollor idea right there. Just sell the tops.
(Two men forcefully pick Kramer up and push him out of the store.)
KRAMER: I have a right to be here. These are my fans. Hey you're hurting my elbow.
(George is walking down the street looking down at his map. He is bumping into people.)
MAN 1: Try looking up hayseed.
MAN 2: You wanna sightsee? Get on a bus.
MARY ANNE: Please don't think all New Yorkers are so rude.
GEORGE: Well actually I'm...
MARY ANNE: I'm Mary Anne. I work for the New York Visitor's Center. Where are you visiting from?
GEORGE: Little Rock, Arkensas.
MARY ANNE: Ooh.
[Jerry is in his bathroom shaving. He thinks. He tilts the mirror down.]
JERRY: Hmm. That looks new.
(He thinks some more. He picks up his razor.)
KRAMER: So get this. Peterman has his henchmen forcefully eject me from the book signing like I'm some kind of a maniac.
JERRY: (uncomfortably) Yeah that's too bad.
KRAMER: What's the matter with you?
JERRY: (uncomfortably) Nothing.
KRAMER: No, no, no. Don't give me that. I know you. Something's wrong. What is it.
JERRY: I did something stupid.
KRAMER: What did you do?
JERRY: Well I was shaving. And I noticed an asymmetry in my chest hair and I was trying to even it out. Next thing I knew, (high pitched voice) Gone.
KRAMER: Don't you know you're not supposed to poke around down there.
JERRY: Well women do it.
KRAMER: (high pitched voice) "Well women do it." I'll tell you what. I'll pick you up a sundress and a parasol and you can just (high pitched voice) sashey your pretty little self around the town square.
JERRY: Well what am I going to tell Alex?
KRAMER: Listen to me. You don't tell anybody about this. No one. You hear me?
JERRY: Um hum.
(George enters)
KRAMER: Hey, Jerry shaved his chest.
JERRY: Hey!
KRAMER: I forgot. Wait. Never mind.
(Jerry and Alex walking.)
ALEX: How about the beach this weekend?
JERRY: You couldn't pay me enough to go to the beach on a weekend. I mean it's hard enough...
ALEX: All right. All right. Wow is that a Mexican Hairless? Oh, I love those. Ooh, Hairless. This is where it's at. It's so much smoother and cleaner.
JERRY: Really?
[Elaine walks into a muffin shop]
ELAINE: "Top of the Muffin to you!"?
MR. LIPPMAN: Top of the muffin to you. Elaine!
ELAINE: Mr Lippman?
[George and Jerry at Jerry's apartment.]
JERRY: So you're pretending to be a tourist?
GEORGE: It's beautiful. She makes all the plans. I'm not from around here so it's okay if I'm stupid, and she knows I'm only in town visiting so there's no messy breakup
JERRY: How do you explain your apartment?
GEORGE: I got a hotel room.
JERRY: you moved into a hotel?
GEORGE: Well I don't know anyone here Jerry. Where else am I going to stay?
JERRY: So get this: we're in the park today Alex goes wild for this hairless dog.
GEORGE: So?
JERRY: So. I figure since she likes one hairless animal why not another.
GEORGE: Oh really. You tell her you shaved it?
JERRY: Are you nuts? I don't want her to think I'm one of those low-rise briefs guys who shaves his chest.
(Kramer is in a school bus. He honks his horn. Camera shot down on the bus.)
KRAMER: (yelling up at Jerry) Hey Jerry.
(Jerry pulls up the blinds on his upstairs window and looks down.)
KRAMER: (yelling) I'm starting a Peterman Reality Bus Tour. Check it out. Hahaha.
GEORGE: Reality tour?
JERRY: The last thing this guy's qualified to give a tour of is reality.
[Elaine at the muffin shop]
ELAINE: This was my idea you stole my idea.
MR. LIPPMAN: Elaine these ideas are all in the air. They're in the air.
ELAINE: Well if that air is comming out of this face then it is my air and my idea.
MR. LIPPMAN: You want a muffin or not?
ELAINE: Peach.
[Gerge and Mary Anne at Monks]
MARY ANNE: So I notice you don't have much of an accent.
GEORGE: Yeah my parents have it. Sometimes it skips a generation.
MARY ANNE: Look george, I'm really enjoying spending time with you but I'm not sure this is going to work out. At some point you're going back to your job at Tyler Chicken and your three-legged dog Willie.
GEORGE: Willie. Yeah.
MARY ANNE: And I'm still going to be here.
GEORGE: Well what if I told you I'm thinking of moving here?
MARY ANNE: (laughs) George, no offense. But this city would eat you alive.
JERRY: You're moving to New York? That's fantastic. I can see you all the time now.
GEORGE: Eat me alive, huh? We'll see who can make it in *this* town.
JERRY: What is it she think you can't do?
GEORGE: Find a job. Get an apartment.
JERRY: How did you do those things?
GEORGE: Never mind. The're done. All I have to do now is redo them. You know if you take everything I've ever done in my entire life and condense it down into one day, it looks decent.
JERRY: Hey, what were you doing with that bus yesterday?
KRAMER: Here you go, here you go, check it out.
JERRY: "The Real Peterman Reality Bus Tour". I'm confused.
KRAMER: Peterman's book is big business. People want to know the stories behind the stories.
JERRY: Nobody wants to go on a three hour bus tour of a totally unknown person's life.
KRAMER: I'm only charging $37.50, plus you get a pizza bagel and desert.
GEORGE: What's desert?
KRAMER: Bite-size Three Musketeers. Just like the real Peterman eats.
GEORGE: He eats those?
KRAMER: No. I eat those. I'm the real Peterman.
GEORGE: I think I understand this. Jay Peterman is real. His biography is not. Now, you Kramer are real.
KRAMER: Talk to me.
GEORGE: But your life is Peterman's. Now the bus tour, which is real, takes to places that, while they are real, they are not real in sense that they did not *really* happen to the *real* Peterman which is you.
KRAMER: Understand?
JERRY: Yeah. $37.50 for a Three Musketeers.
[Elaine and Mr. Lippman at Monk's]
MR. LIPPMAN: Elaine. I'm in over my head. Nobody likes my muffin tops.
ELAINE: So? What do you want me to do about it?
MR. LIPPMAN: You're the muffin top expert, tell me what I'm doing wrong.
ELAINE: Mr. Lippman, when I worked for you at Pendent Publishing, I believed in you, you know as a man of integrity. But, I saw you in that paper hat and that aprin...
MR. LIPPMAN: What if I cut you in for 30% of the profits?
ELAINE: Deal. Here's your problem. You're making just the muffin tops. You've gotta make the *whole* muffin. Then you... Pop the top, toss the stump. Taste.
MR. LIPPMAN: Ah. (takes a bite of the top.) Mmmmm. Ah hah?
ELAINE: Yeah.
MR. LIPPMAN: So what do we with the bottoms?
ELAINE: I don't know, give em to a soup kitchen.
MR. LIPPMAN: That's a good idea.
ELAINE: And one more thing, you really think we need the exclamation point? Because, it's not "Top of the Muffin *TO YOU!!!*"
MR. LIPPMAN: No. No. It is.
[At Jerry's apartment]
KRAMER: Hey Jerry. What is this? Lady Gillette? What's going on?
JERRY: What? Can't I get a moment's peace?
KRAMER: What are you doing to yourself?
(Jerry walks into camera view with his chest covered with shaving cream.)
JERRY: I can't stop. Alex thinks I'm naturally hairless.
KRAMER: You can't keep this up. Don't you know what's going to happen? Everytime you shave it, it's going to come in thicker and fuller and darker.
JERRY: Oh that's an old wives tale.
KRAMER: Is it? Look at this.
(Kramer walks off-screen and opens his shirt. On-screen, Jerry reels from the sight.)
KRAMER: (high pitched voice) Look at it! Look at it! And it's all me. I shaved there when I was a lifeguard.
JERRY: Oh come on. That's genetics. That's not going to happen to me.
KRAMER: Won't it? Or is it already starting to happen?
[Elaine at the muffin shop]
ELAINE: Wow. Look at this. We're cleaning up.
LIPPMAN: Oh, Rubin, get me another tray of lowfat cranberry.
REBECCA: Excuse me, I'm Rebecca Demore from the homeless shelter.
ELAINE: Oh, hi.
REBECCA: Are you the ones leaveing the muffing pieces behind our shelter?
ELAINE: You been enjoying them?
REBECCA: They're just stumps.
ELAINE: Well they're perfectly edible.
REBECCA: Oh, so you just assume that the homeless will eat them, they'll eat anything?
MR. LIPPMAN: No no, we just thought...
REBECCA: I know what you thought. They don't have homes, they don't have jobs, what do they need the top of a muffin for? They're lucky to get the stumps.
ELAINE: If the homeless don't like them the homeless don't have to eat them.
REBECCA: The homeless don't like them.
ELAINE: Fine.
REBECCA: We've never gotten so many complaints. Every two minutes, "Where is the top of this muffin? Who ate the rest of this?"
ELAINE: We were just trying to help.
REBECCA: Why don't you just drop off some chicken skins and lobster shells.
ELAINE: I think I might.
[Mary Anne and George at George's "new" apartment.]
MARY ANNE: I can't believe you found something so quickly. How much you pay?
GEORGE: $2300.
MARY ANNE: Ouch. A month?
GEORGE: Yeah.
MARY ANNE: Well, guess that's all right for now, but if you say here for more than a few months, you're a real sucker.
GEORGE: Yeah, well I uh got lots of other stuff to show you too. Wait till you see the plum job that I landed.
MARY ANNE: Yeah. We should let this place air out anyway. It smells like the last tenant had monkeys or something.
(Mary Anne exits. George sniffs his armpit.)
[On Kramer's bus.]
KRAMER: Comming up on the right, if you glance up you can just make out my bedroom window. It's the one that's covered in chicken wire.
WOMAN: Hey if you're the real Peterman, who come you're wearing those ratty clothes? The're not very romantic.
KRAMER: (over the speaker) Well that's your opinion.
MAN 1: Can I have another Three Musketeers? They're rather small.
KRAMER: Forget it. Okay Newman's postal route is around here somewhere.
MAN 2: Who's Newman?
MAN 3: Who cares.
MAN 4: Hey fake Peterman, let me off. I'm nautious.
MAN 1: Can I have his candy bar?
KRAMER: Ahh. Everyone just settle down. We have three hours left on this thing, and I can't drive and argue with you rubes all at the same time. Okay. Lomez's place of worship is right on the right here.
[At Jerry's apartment.]
JERRY: Why do I have to go on the tour?
KRAMER: Jerry you're a minor celebrity. If you go on this thing, it could create a minor stir. Bring that girlfriend of your and I'll only charge to 60 bucks.
(Elaine enters)
JERRY: Hey, how's business?
ELAINE: Ooh, I've got stump troubles. The Sanitation Department won't get rid of them all, I can't get a truck to haul this stuff until next week. Meanwhile, I'm sitting on a mountain of stumps.
KRAMER: All right, I've got to hose the puke off the floor of the bus.
ELAINE: Bus? Wait a minute, wait a minute, bus? You've got a bus?
KRAMER: Yeah.
ELAINE: You got any room on that thing?
KRAMER: Yeah there are a few seats still available.
ELAINE: Do you think you could transport some stumps for me? I'll make it worth your while.
KRAMER: Well, if they don't mind sitting in the back.
ELAINE: No they don't.
KRAMER: Are they war veterans?
(Elaine looks at him confused.)
[In George's office.]
MARY ANNE: Wow this is your office.
MR. STEINBRENNER: Woah. Hello. Sorry George, didn't know you got a girl in here. Give me a signal on the doornob like a necktie or a sock or something. Come on George, help me out.
MARY ANNE: Mr. Steinbrenner, I would like to thank you for taking a chance on a hen supervisor at Tyler Chicken like our boy George here.
MR. STEINBRENNER: Hen supervisor from Tyler Chicken?
GEORGE: Yes. Very nice to have had her to mention... (starting to leave)
MR. STEINBRENNER: Wait a minute George.
GEORGE: Be right with you. Look Mr. Steinbrenner.
MR. STEINBRENNER: Moonlighting for Tyler Chicken. Pretty impressive George. Days with the New York Yankees and nights in Arkensas with a top flight bird outlet. And a hen supervisor to boot. I am blown. Bloooown away. Blown George. (vibration in the "o"'s) Bloooooooooooooooooooown.
[On Kramer's bus.]
ALEX: You know when you make a pizza bagel, you really shouldn't use cinnimon rasin.
JERRY: You also shouldn't use a donut.
(Kramer gets on the bus. He starts the tape player playing banjo music.)
KRAMER: All right ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Peterman Reality Tour...
TAPE PLAYER: Turn music off.
JERRY: Can we just go?
KRAMER: And go we will.
MAN: What is this? A piece of pound cake?
KRAMER: We have a bonus reality stop today. We will be hauling muffin stumps to the local repository.
MAN 2: We're going to a garbage dump?
KRAMER: And we're off.
JERRY: You know I never though he would be able to recreate the experience of actually knowing him, but this is pretty close.
[Mr. Steinbrenner is sitting at his desk on the phone with the manager at Tyler chicken who is also sitting at his desk.]
MR. STEINBRENNER: (the back of his head to the camera) John Tyler? George Steinbreener here. I want to talk about George Castanza. I understand he's been dividing his time between us and you. I cannot have that.
JOHN TYLER: (the back of his head also to the camera) Well I don't know who he is but if you want him that bad I'm not giving him up that easily.
MR. STEINBRENNER: Oh is that so. Playing a little hardball huh Jonnyboy?
JOHN TYLER: How about this. You give me Castanza, I convert your concessions to all chicken no charge. Instead of hot dogs, chicken dogs. Instead of pretzels, chicken twists. Instead of beer, alcoholic chicken.
MR. STEINBRENNER: How do you make that alcoholic chicken?
JOHN TYLER: Let if ferment, just like everything else.
MR. STEINBRENNER: That stuff sounds great. All right. I'll have Costanza on the next bus.
[Kramer at a garbage dump carrying a garbage bag.]
MAN: Hey hey hey hey hey. Where do you think you're going?
KRAMER: I was going to dump this.
MAN: It doesn't look like garbage.
KRAMER: Well it's muffin stumps
MAN: Where are the muffin tops?
KRAMER: This is a garbage dump. Just let me dump it.
MAN: Can't do it.
KRAMER: Is this a joke?
MAN: That's what I'd like to know about it.
ALEX: You have a pretty heavy beard, don't you?
JERRY: What's that?
ALEX: Well look it's almost time for you to shave again.
JERRY: Oh. Yeah.
KRAMER: (gets back on the bus, yelling) Well maybe I will take it up with Consumer Affairs. Ladies and Gentlemen you're in for an additional treat. We're going to extend the tour at no extra charge.
MAN: Where are we going?
KRAMER: (looking at a map) I don't know. (over the speaker) Uh, no more questions.
(Banjo music plays as they look for garbage dumps.)
[Next scene. Kramer argues with someone at a dump.]
[Next scene. A man vomits on the floor.]
[Next scene. Kramer is driving. He is sleepy. His head nods down onto the horn. The horn blows. Startled, Kramer sits back up. Banjo music finishes.]
WAITRESS: So, the New York Yankees traded you for a bunch of Tyler chicken.
GEORGE: Dogs, twists, a kind of fermented chicken drink.
MAN: Hey, aren't you the guy I asked to watch my clothes?
GEORGE: What clothes?
MAN: These clothes. The ones you're wearing.
[On Kramer's bus]
JERRY: (in low voice to next to Kramer) Kramer how much longer? My chest hair is comming back and it's itching me like crazy. I can't let her see me scratch it.
KRAMER: Don't worry. I've got a good feeling about this dump.
JERRY: I'm telling you man, I'm losing it.
(Kramer gets off the bus, carrying a garbage bag.)
(Eerie music is playing. Jerry looks out the bus window at a full moon. A dog starts barking.)
JERRY: I can't sit on this bus anymore. I think I'll go play with that dog.
KRAMER: I don't know where the tops are.
(Jerry runs past Kramer and another person. Eerie music still playing.)
KRAMER: Jerry what's the matter?
(In slow motion Jerry runs into the woods. At normal speed he runs behind a tree. Camera shot down on him as he starts scratching his chest.)
JERRY: (for the first half of the howl, a dog howls along with him.) Awoooooo-oooooooo, that feels good.
BARTENDER: Hey, you looking for George?
MARY ANNE: Yeah.
BARTENDER: He's been in the bathroom awhile. You might want to check on him.
GEORGE: (talking on the phone) Jerry you gotta bring me some clothes down here. I lost my job with the Yankees. I'm standing in the men's room on 43rd street in my underpants.
MARY ANNE: I told you this city would eat you alive.
[At the muffin shop.]
MR. LIPPMAN: What is this guy again?
ELAINE: They call him a Cleaner. He makes problems go away.
(Newman enters. )
NEWMAN: Hello Elaine. Where are they?
ELAINE: In the back.
NEWMAN: All right, I'm going to need a clean 8 ounce glass.
MR. LIPPMAN: What is going on here?
NEWMAN: If I'm curt, then I appologize. But as I understand it, we have a situation here and time is of the essence.
(Newman goes to the back room with the muffin stumps and sets down a cooler and an empty glass. From the cooler he takes out 4 bottles of milk and sets them down. He bites into a stump, then takes a drink of milk from the glass. (continuity error: he never actually poured the glass of milk.) He swishes the muffin and the milk together and swollows. He takes another stump.)
[George and Jerry at a caf terrace]
JERRY: Nah, you had a good run. Took them to the World Series.
GEORGE: I got to give the players most of the credit for that.
JERRY: Don't sell yourself short. You made all the flight arrangements, hotels, busses.
GEORGE: No, I don't know who was doing that.
JERRY: So, when you actually did work, what it was that you did?
GEORGE: They had a pastry cart you wouldn't believe.
(Waitress (Lanette) comes with drinks)
LANETTE: Here you go. Your latt, your cappuccino.
(Waitress leaves)
JERRY: Maybe I should ask her out?
GEORGE: She is a good waitress.
JERRY: That's true. Maybe I take her to the Tony's.
GEORGE: You're going to the Tony's?
JERRY: Yeah, I wrote some jokes to the show and they gave me two tickets.
GEORGE: Why didn't you ask me? I know a million theater jokes. 'What's the deal with those guys down in the pit?'
JERRY: They're musicians. That's not a joke.
GEORGE: It's a funny observation.
(George reads a letter)
GEORGE: Severance package...The Yankees are giving me three months full pay for doing nothing.
JERRY: They did it for three years. What's another few months.
GEORGE: I'm really going to do something with these three months.
JERRY: Like what?
GEORGE: I'm gonna read a book. From beginning to end. In that order.
JERRY: I've always wanted to do that...
GEORGE: I'm gonna play frolf.
JERRY: You mean golf?
GEORGE: Frolf, frisbee golf Jerry. Golf with a frisbee. This is gonna be my time. Time to taste the fruits and let the juices drip down my chin. I proclaim this: The Summer of George!
(A bee comes and George has to runaway to inside)
[Elaine's office. She and two co-workers are chatting in a corridor.]
ELAINE: ...and then Peterman ate it. I never told him.
(A woman comes walking by, with her hands hanging still besides her.)
ELAINE: Who's that?
DUGAN: That's Sam, the new girl in the counting.
WALTER: What's with her arms? They just hang like salamis.
DUGAN: She walks like orangutan.
ELAINE: Better call the zoo.
DUGAN: Reer...
ELAINE: What?
WALTER: ssssss...
DUGAN: Cat-ty...
[Jerry's apartment. Jerry and Elaine. George is watching TV.]
ELAINE: It's like she's carrying invisible suitcases.
JERRY: Like this? (imitates the walk)
ELAINE: Yes, exactly.
JERRY: That's so strange.
ELAINE: Right. So why I'm the one who gets 'reer'. You know I mean they were being as catty as I was. It's a double standard.
JERRY: Oh, what about 'ladies night'? Women admitted free before 10?
ELAINE: That is so stupid.
JERRY: Reer.
GEORGE: Hey, 'The White Shadow' is on...
JERRY: Boy, your really packing it all in.
GEORGE: Jerry, my vacation just started. I need a day or two to de-compress. Besides, I did plenty today.
JERRY: Like what?
GEORGE: I bought a new recliner with a fridge build right in to it.
(Kramer enters wearing a bathrobe)
KRAMER: Hey Jerry, you got any Tums?
JERRY: Stomach ache?
KRAMER: I drank too much water in the shower.
JERRY: Aah, top of the fridge. Hey George, I'm taking that waitress to the Tony's.
GEORGE: Shadow!
KRAMER: Oh, the Tony's. I'll see you there buddy.
ELAINE: You're going to the Tony's too?
KRAMER: Roger that.
JERRY: Where are you sitting?
KRAMER: Well, all over the place. Yeah, I'm a seat filler. They don't like to see empty seats on TV so when somebody gets up I just park my kaboos on their spot until they get back.
ELAINE: How did you get that job?
KRAMER: Mickey, Mickey he hooked me up. He's a member of the academy.
JERRY: What academy?
KRAMER: Well, he didn't say (leaves).
[Jerry comes to pick up Lanette]
LANETTE: Hi!
JERRY: Hi!
LANETTE: Nice tuxedo.
JERRY: Thanks, it's a breakaway.
LANETTE: Should we go?
JERRY: Absolutely.
LANETTE: Lyle, were going! Jerry, this is Lyle.
LYLE: Hey, how you doing?
JERRY: Ok...
(Lyle and Lanette kiss)
LANETTE: Bye.
LYLE: Have a good time.
JERRY: Thanks, Lyle...
[At the Tony's. Kramer is looking a place to fill. One man stands up.]
KRAMER: Are you leaving? Cause I got you covered.
(man tries to button his jacket and Kramer squeezes to his seat)
KRAMER: I'll just squeeze in...
MAN: What are you doing?
KRAMER: My job. What are you doing?
(Kramer looks at the woman next to him)
KRAMER: You know, if they catch two of us on TV, you got some explaining to do.
(Same time Jerry and the waitress are sitting elsewhere.)
JERRY: So, you and Lyle are roommates?
LANETTE: No.
JERRY: Gay?
LANETTE: What?
JERRY: Is he gay?
LANETTE: No.
JERRY: Are you sure?
LANETTE: I think I would know.
JERRY: (to himself) This is a new one.
KRAMER: (to woman next to him) Pemmican turkey? Come on take a bite...well more for me.
(Kramer takes a bite and hits the man in front of him in the head. Then points the blame to lady next to him.)
ANNOUNCER: ...and the best musical award goes to: Scarsdale surprise!
(People around Kramer stand up and roll on to the stage taking Kramer with them.)
(George is at home watching the show on TV and takes a soda out of his new recliner.)
GEORGE: Kramer?
(TV shows the producers and Kramer accepting the award on stage.)
MR. GRAHAM: (on TV) Thank you and God bless you all. This has truly been a Scarsdale surprise!
[At Monk's. Elaine and Sam.]
SAM: Elaine, am I crazy? I just get the feeling that Dugan and the others are making fun of me all the time.
ELAINE: Well, You might wanna think about...maybe, eh...moving your arms a little when you walk.
SAM: My arms?
ELAINE: You know, sort of swing them, so your not lurching around like a caveman.
SAM: I a caveman?
ELAINE: No no no no, it's just...
SAM: Everybody told what a catty shrude you are. Your horrible!
[5A. Jerry and George.]
GEORGE: She had a dude?
JERRY: Yeah, when I went to pick her up there was this dude.
GEORGE: How do you know it was her dude?
JERRY: What do you think it could've been just some dude?
GEORGE: Sure, dudes in this town are dime a dozen.
JERRY: I reckon.
GEORGE: Or maybe, she just wanted to go to the Tony's. I tell you what; you ask her out again. No Tony, just Jerry. That way you know it he was her dude or just some dude.
JERRY: Dude!
(They make a high five.)
GEORGE: All right, that's enough. I gotta go home and take a nap.
JERRY: It's 10:30 in the morning?
GEORGE: I tell you; I'm wiped.
JERRY: So, has the summer of George already started or are you still de-composing?
GEORGE: De-compressing.
(Kramer enters wearing a tuxedo and carrying a Tony statue.)
KRAMER: Whooa, good morning gentleman and Tony says hello to you.
JERRY: You didn't give that thing back?
KRAMER: Jerry, it was a whirlwind. They whisked us backstage, the media is sworming, champagne is flowing...whooo! I can't describe how great it is to win.
JERRY: That's because you didn't win.
GEORGE: 'Scarsdale surprise'. That's the musical about that Scarsdale diet doctor murder.
KRAMER: Featuring the mind-blowing performance of Ms. Raquel Welch!
JERRY: You haven't even seen it.
KRAMER: Aah, Jerry I'm not gonna let you bring me down from this high. I've been partying all night. I saw the sunrise at Liza's!
GEORGE: What, Minelli's!?!
KRAMER: No.
[Elaine's office. She is at her desk talking to Sam.]
ELAINE: Sam, listen I'm so sorry about the other day.
SAM: No, don't apologize Elaine. I was thinking that maybe I should swing my arms a little bit more.
ELAINE: See, yeah, that's all I was saying.
SAM: How's this (Sam hits a pen case out of the table), or this (swings a paper holder of the table and starts to clear the table left and right).
ELAINE: Well, you seem to be getting a hang of it...
[Jerry is picking up Lanette again. She opens the door wearing a towel.]
JERRY: Hi!
LANETTE: Sorry, I'm running late. I just lost track of time.
JERRY: No rush.
(Lyle walks by wearing a towel.)
LYLE: Hey, Jerry! What's up?
JERRY: (to himself) I have absolutely no idea.
[5A. Jerry is on the phone with George who is at home.]
(missing the beginning)
JERRY: ..except that the dude plays the showroom and I'm stuck doing food and beveridged!
(Kramer comes in with the Tony.)
GEORGE: Who's that?
JERRY: It's Kramer.
GEORGE: Hey Kramer.
JERRY: George says hi.
KRAMER: (shouts to the telephone) Hi George!
GEORGE: How's that Tony?
JERRY: Why don't you just come over?
GEORGE: Why can't we do this on the phone? What's Kramer doing now?
JERRY: He's looking on to fridgerator.
GEORGE: Kramer. Anything good in there? Any Popsicles?
JERRY: I can't do this.
KRAMER: So, what's George doing?
JERRY: He's not doing anything. Goodbye!
KRAMER: So listen, I'm going to crab a bite to eat at Sardi's. You wanna go?
JERRY: Are you taking the Tony to Sardi's?
KRAMER: The Tony is taking me to Sardi's.
(Knock on the door. Jerry opens and it's Lanette.)
JERRY: Oh, hello.
KRAMER: I'm going.
LANETTE: Congratulations!
KRAMER: Oh, thank you, thank you so much. I have so many people I want to thank and don't want to forget anyone...
JERRY: All right, all right.
(Phone rings and Jerry answers.)
JERRY: I said no! (hangs up the phone.)
LANETTE: Jerry, I just want to let you know; Lyle and I are completely over. I'd rather be with you.
JERRY: Just me? No dudes or fellas?
LANETTE: What you think?
JERRY: I can start right away.
(Phone rings again.)
JERRY: But not here. (They leave.)
JERRY'S ANSWERING MACHINE: 'I'm not here, leave a message.'
GEORGE: (on the answering machine) Jerry, what's happening? Come on, pick up the phone.
[At Sardi's. Kramer is sitting with a group of people.]
KRAMER: ...so I said to him: Arthur, Artie come on, why does the salesman have to die? Change the title; The life of a salesman. That's what people want to see.
MR. GRAHAM: Mr. Kramer, my name is Lewis Maxton Graham. I'm one of the producers of 'Scarsdale surprise'.
KRAMER: Hey, eh, Lew!
MR. GRAHAM: We need to talk.
[Elaine is talking to Peterman at her office.]
PETERMAN: Elaine, what did you want to talk me about?
ELAINE: This. My office. Sam trashed my office.
PETERMAN: Well, I see what's going on in here. I am smack dab in the middle of a good old fashioned cat fight.
ELAINE: Mr. Petermen, this is not a cat fight. This is violent psychotic behavior directed at me all because are told her to swing her arms.
PETERMAN: Woof!
ELAINE: Do you mean "reer?"
PETERMAN: Yes, that's the one! Good day Elaine. (Leaves.)
ELAINE: Oh, no please Mr. Peterman, she's crazy! (Sam walks by and Elaine starts to sing) Crazy for feelings...
[At Monk's. Jerry and Lanette.]
JERRY: I can't believe how much we did this afternoon. I have friends who this would've be their whole life.
LANETTE: Now, what time are you picking me up tonight?
JERRY: Eh, what?
LANETTE: You got our reservation from Sfuzi's, didn't you?
JERRY: Oh yeah, Sfuzi? I- I've gotta do that.
LANETTE: Should I ware the outfit I bought today?
JERRY: Sure.
LANETTE: Which one?
JERRY: The one with the...(mumbles.)
LANETTE: If I wanna get my hair cut I've gotta go now. Call me when you get home. I wont be there, but leave a message so I know you called.
JERRY: Ok, ok...
LANETTE: Do you mind?
JERRY: No, I'll crab it.
(Lanette leaves and Jerry bangs his head to the table. George walks in.)
GEORGE: Hey, I've done that today.
JERRY: What, did you lose your remote?
GEORGE: Nah, the cable's out. What's with you? You look dead.
JERRY: It's Lanette! I need an assistant or intern or something.
GEORGE: (Laughs) Relationship intern...hey, what if two of us teamed up?
JERRY: Not.
GEORGE: No, no...
JERRY: No, because that's...
GEORGE: No, listen; we are always sitting here, I am always helping you with your girl problems and you are helping me with my girl problems. Where do we end up?
JERRY: Here.
GEORGE: Exactly! Because neither one of us can't handle a woman all by ourselves.
JERRY: I'm trying.
GEORGE: I've tried. We don't have it. But maybe the two of us, working together at full capacity, could do the job of one normal man.
JERRY: Then each of us would only have be like a half man. That sounds about right!
[Kramer at Sardi's, talking with two producers.]
MR. GRAHAM: I'm sure how excited you are to have this very very prestigious award. But you didn't have anything to do with the actual production.
KRAMER: No.
MR. GRAHAM: I don't think there's no way how we can allow you to keep this Tony. Unless...
KRAMER: Anything...
MALCOLM: Are you familiar with our star, Raquel Welch?
KRAMER: Oh yeah, she's fantastic....
MR. GRAHAM: She's a train wreck.
MALCOLM: There's a big tap dance number just before Jean Harris leaves the (?) school to confront Dr Tarnover.
MR. GRAHAM: It is a gut wrenching scene.
MALCOLM: But, Raquel Welch doesn't move her arms when she tap dances. It's very distracting.
MR. GRAHAM: There's lot of this (swings his arms) in tap dancing.
KRAMER: So, you'd like me to teach how to dance?
MALCOLM: No, we want you to fire her.
[5A. Jerry and Kramer.]
JERRY: Why they want you to fire Raquel Welch?
KRAMER: Because they're terrified of her. I heard from someone that when they cut one of her lines, she climbed up the rope on side of the stage and started dropping lights on peoples heads. Story like that has got to be true.
JERRY: She seems very nice.
KRAMER: Jerry, you're not in show business. You don't know what these people are like.
JERRY: I'm in show business.
KRAMER: Oh, come on! What am I gonna do? She's going to eat me alive.
JERRY: I've got a tape of 'Fantastic voyage' if you think that would help.
KRAMER: Yayaya...
(Elaine enters.)
ELAINE: Jerry, that crazy straight-armed woman down at Peterman's trashed my office. And then listen to this; this is message she left me.
(Takes a tape recorder and plays the tape.)
SAM'S VOICE: Elaine...I am going to find you. If not in your office then in the xerox room or the little conference room near to the kitchen...
ELAINE: She must've got a blueprint of the building or something.
JERRY: Did you tell Peterman about this?
ELAINE: Well, I tried, but he thought it was some sort of cat fight.
KRAMER: Cat fight?
ELAINE: Ok, why? Why do guys do this? What is so appealing to men about a cat fight?
KRAMER: Yeye cat fight!
JERRY: Because men think if women are grabbing and clawing at each other there's a chance they might somehow kiss.
KRAMER: T-t-t-t...
[Jerry and George are walking down the street.]
JERRY: You got the tickets?
GEORGE: Yeah, two for the 7:15 of Novaj pravas (?). What you're wearing the green sweater?
JERRY: I like it.
GEORGE: She doesn't like. Here is your blue one, it's her favorite. (Takes sweater out of his bag.)
JERRY: What?
GEORGE: Just put it on! All right now, remember she had her nails done today so remark how you like the color. And if you need me you beep me, all right. Here you go, hey, hey, hey, hey...(sprays Binaca into Jerry's mouth.) Go get'em you're a tiger!
JERRY: Hey George, one second, she's having a party friday night and she wants me to take care of the invitations.
GEORGE: A little notice would've helped! How many people?
JERRY: 35, and George, on the invitations...
GEORGE: I know, I know...don't skimp. Go go go go...
(Jerry leaves and Lanette joins him.)
LANETTE: Right on time, I like that.
JERRY: I like your nails, that is a great color.
LANETTE: Love the sweater.
JERRY: This old thing?
[George is getting the invitations, Melody Stationers.]
GEORGE: Hi, I need some party invitations.
CLERK: Okay, have you been in here before?
GEORGE: About a year ago. Wedding invitations.
CLERK: Right, how did that all work out?
GEORGE: No complaints.
CLERK: Well, they are arranged according the price. And as I recall...(she flips the sample book all the way to the end.)
GEORGE: Actually, (George flips the book back to the beginning) I'll take these nice glossy ones.
[Majestic theater, Raquel Welch's dressing room.]
RAQUEL: "You are a fraud Dr Tarnover. You haven't even been to Scarsdale."
(Kramer knocks on the door and enters.)
KRAMER: Ms. Welch.
RAQUEL: Who are you?
KRAMER: Well, I'm Cosmo Kramer, I'm one of the producers.
(Phone rings and Raquel answers.)
RAQUEL: Hello, Sidney! No, no I told you I don't want to do that! If you bring it up again I will feed your genitals to a wolf! (hangs up) Kids! You're still here.
KRAMER: Well, I- I Ms. Welch I do need to talk to you about a little problem regarding, eh, your performance.
(Raquel kicks a chair out of her way.)
RAQUEL: What kind of problem?
KRAMER: Well, it seems that due to the vagaries of the production parameters of this fragmenting of the audience to the cable television, carnivals, water parks...
RAQUEL: Out with it!
KRAMER: Well, you're fired because you don't move your arms when you tap dance, you're like a gorilla out there I've gotta go...
(Kramer runs out, but Raquel grabs him from the back.)
[George walks at the park with the invitations. A frisbee flies to his feet.]
GUY: Little help?
GEORGE: Hey, frolf?
GUY: Yeah, you know we need a fourth for the back nine. You want in?
(George looks up and sees Jerry on the other side and frisbee on the other. Jerry says: "What's the deal with airplane peanuts?")
GEORGE: Yeah, sure.
GUY: Ok, come on.
[Jerry is at Lanette's apartment. They are both wearing a towel.]
JERRY: Ok, let's towel it up.
LANETTE: Jerry, where are those invitations you were supposed to get? If they don't go out today they're useless.
JERRY: But we're in towels.
LANETTE: Jerry.
JERRY: all right. One second.
(Picks up the phone.)
(George runs up the stairs)
GEORGE: He frolfs, he scores...(he drops one invitation on the stairs.)
(George comes to his apartment and picks up the phone.)
GEORGE: Hello.
JERRY: George, where are those invitations? You were supposed to leave them with her doorman!
LANETTE: Did you shave your chest hair?
JERRY: No. (Lanette leaves.) Did you at least pick them up?
GEORGE: Yeah, the super glossy. The best they had.
JERRY: Ok, get them over here pronto. We're in towels here George.
GEORGE: All right, All right, keep your towel on.
JERRY:...what?
GEORGE: It's a joke.
JERRY: All right, that's not bad. Now get over here!
(George leaves from his apartment and comes down the stairs. He slips on an invitation and falls on his back.)
[Elaine is on the street and plays a tape to two police officers.]
SAM'S VOICE: (on the tape)...if not in your apartment then in the laundry room or the ATM in the building across the street or the watch shop!
ELAINE: Can't you do anything about this? I mean this woman is a psycho!
COP #1: 'Reer.'
ELAINE: Look, just because I'm a woman...
COP #2: 'Mauau.'
COP #1: 'Meeow.'
(Raquel Welch walks down the street.)
RAQUEL: I don't move my arms when I dance. That's my signature!
ELAINE: Would you just keep an eye out for this woman. She's about ye high and eh, she doesn't swing her arms when she walks.
COP #1: What do you mean?
ELAINE: Like this...(imitates the walk with her arms hanging.)
(Raquel Welch comes towards her.)
RAQUEL: What the hell is that? Are you making fun of my dancing?
ELAINE: Aren't you Raquel Welch?
RAQUEL: You know who I am. Now, what are you doing?
ELAINE: Nothing, I wasn't just moving my arms...
RAQUEL: That's it, you are going down.
COP #1: Ooh, cat fight.
[The New York Hospital. Jerry and Kramer.]
KRAMER: So how's George?
JERRY: I don't know. They don't tell me anything. What's that? (Kramer holds a broken Tony)
KRAMER: Tony.
JERRY: What happened to you?
KRAMER: Raquel Welch!
JERRY: Yikes.
(Elaine comes. She has a scars on her face.)
JERRY: What happened to you?
ELAINE: Raquel Welch!
KRAMER: The woman is a menace.
ELAINE: Yeah, I bumped in to her on the street. It got pretty ugly.
JERRY: Cat fight with Raquel Welch.
KRAMER: Yey eye ca-catfight.
(George is wheeled in on a hospital bed.)
ELAINE: My god, George!
GEORGE: I slipped on the invitations...how's the towels?
JERRY: Back on the rack.
GEORGE: With the two of us?
JERRY: I think we're still a man short.
(Doctor comes.)
DOCTOR: Mr. Costanza. ..your legs have sustained extensive trauma. Apparently your body was in the state of advanced atrophy, due to a period of extreme inactivity. But with a lot of hard work and a little bit of luck, I think there's a good chance you may, one day, walk again.
(Doctor leaves.)
KRAMER: Well, that's good news.
ELAINE: Wow, invitations again...
KRAMER: Yeah, that's weird.
ELAINE: All right, well...you want to grab some coffee?
JERRY: Yeah...
KRAMER: I'd like to get some coffee.
(Jerry, Kramer and Elaine leave.)
GEORGE: This was supposed to be 'The summer of George'! The summer of George.
[George is at the hospital physical therapy, trying to walk, leaning on parallel bars. Next to him, Sam tries to walk with swinging her arms.]
THERAPIST: Now, swing them...swing...swing them, just swing them.
SAM: I can't do it. It's hard!
(George is at end of the bars and falls down. He tries to get up.)
GEORGE: Still a little summer left.
[Exterior of Monk's coffee shop. Cut to Jerry and George at their regular booth.]
(A newspaper blocks out view of George's face. He lowers the paper to reveal... a moustache.)
GEORGE: What is Holland?
JERRY: (also wearing a moustache) What do you mean, 'what is it?' It's a country right next to Belgium.
GEORGE: No, that's the Netherlands.
JERRY: Holland *is* the Netherlands.
GEORGE: Then who are the Dutch?
JERRY: (picking at his moustache) You know I cannot stand this thing anymore.
GEORGE: I know, I hate it too. I feel like an out of work porn star.
JERRY: I told you, we should have taken some kind of vacation.
GEORGE: Well why didn't we?
JERRY: Because you said this would be better. Remember? A vacation from ourselves. That's what you said.
GEORGE: What if we grew muttonchops?
JERRY: No.
GEORGE: Buzz cuts? Parachute pants!
JERRY: Stop it, George. Stop it. I'm sorry, you've gotta get a job.
GEORGE: (resigned) Dammit.
[George approaches Jerry at the bar of a nightclub, carrying a cane.]
GEORGE: Hey hey hey, check me out, huh?
JERRY: No more crutches, that must be a relief.
GEORGE: Yeah, with crutches everyone has questions.
JERRY: Not with a cane?
GEORGE: Nah, with crutches it's a funny story, with a cane it's a sad story. You through with those?
(George uses the cane handle to drag a bowl of pretzels over from the other end of the bar.)
JERRY: That is a sad story. Hey, you should have been here tonight. Some guy from NBC saw my set, he wants me to do a showcase. I might have another shot at a pilot.
GEORGE: Alright, we're back in!
JERRY: We? No.
CLUB ANNOUNCER: (off camera) Ladies and gentlemen, Kenny Bania.
(Applause from off camera, then Bania walks up to the bar.)
BANIA: Thank you, thank you, (To Jerry) Hey, Jerry, did ya see me up there? I was killing, Jerry. Killing. I killed.
JERRY: Killed?
BANIA: Killed. (pause) I'm gonna go pick up some chicks. Good-looking ones, too! (walking away) Hey, what's your name?
JERRY: Yeah, killed. Because I killed first and warmed up the crowd. He's like that fish that attaches himself to the shark.
GEORGE: And you're the shark?
JERRY: Yeah, I'm the shark and he's the fish eating my laughs.
GEORGE: I don't know how a fish could eat laughs.
JERRY: Well, I'm glad I brought it up.
[Jerry's apartment. George and Jerry are there, clean shaven, George is on the phone. Kramer walks in wearing a moustache.]
KRAMER: You got any shredded coconut?
JERRY: (looking at Kramer's moustache) Uh, we're not doing that anymore.
KRAMER: Yeah, yeah, right. (walks out)
GEORGE: (on the phone) Oh my God.
JERRY: What?
GEORGE: I got a job interview. They want to see me this afternoon.
JERRY: So what's this job?
GEORGE: Oh, it's beautiful. It's in sports.
JERRY: Knicks? Rangers?
GEORGE: Playground equipment.
JERRY: Welcome back to the show.
GEORGE: Yeah haha.
(Kramer walks back in, clean shaven.)
KRAMER: Yeah, this is better. So, you got any shredded coconut?
JERRY: No.
GEORGE: (holding his cane) I gotta hobble. (walks out)
(Kramer puts some aftershave on his lip.)
KRAMER: D-d-d-d. I gotta switch shaving creams. I'm getting no protection.
JERRY: What kind do you use?
KRAMER: Whatever you get.
JERRY: (nods) Look, postcard from Elaine from Europe.
KRAMER: Don't tell me she's dragging another poor guy across Europe.
JERRY: Remember David Puddy?
KRAMER: Oh, the face-painting auto mechanic. So she's dating him again, huh?
JERRY: Well, I guess she's batted around and she's back at the top of the order.
KRAMER: Boy, a month in Europe with Elaine. (whistles) That guy's coming home in a body bag.
[Atlas map of Scandinavia with Oslo, Norway highlighted. Cut to Elaine and Puddy in the back seat of a taxi.]
PUDDY: Well, let's see, I've got a ten kroner, a five kroner, a twenty kroner? No wait, that's another ten kroner. A fimty kroner? How much is that?
ELAINE: We have to break up.
PUDDY: What?
ELAINE: I can't take this anymore! I don't want to hear how interesting the change with the hole in it is! And if you tell me what time it is in New York again, you are going home in a body bag!
PUDDY: Well what about you? What do you think The Gap in Rome has that's not in The Gap on Broadway?
ELAINE: Okay, alright listen. Forget about The Gap because we are through!
PUDDY: Fine!
ELAINE: Fine!
CAB DRIVER: Okay, terminal three. Have a nice flight.
[Interior of an airplane. Elaine and Puddy are seated together. Puddy is crying]
CAPTAIN: Ladies and gentlemen, our flight time, with stopovers, will be approximately 22 hours.
ELAINE: (to flight attendant) Hey, you gonna bust out that drink cart or what?
[Jerry's apartment. Kramer and Jerry are there.]
KRAMER: Hey, what are you doing?
JERRY: Oh, I'm taking this lace out. It came undone and touched the floor of a men's room. That's the end of that.
KRAMER: Did you see Bania's set last night? 'Cause I read on the Internet he killed.
JERRY: He killed. He only does well when he has me for a lead-in. He's a time slot hit.
KRAMER: Jerry, you gotta give him some credit. (starts rubbing a stick of Jerry's butter across his face) You're just being totally ridiculous. (keeps rubbing) I'll see you later buddy.
JERRY: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait a minute.
KRAMER: What?
JERRY: Do I have to ask?
KRAMER: I ran out of butter so I had to borrow yours. Anything else, Mr. Nosy?
(Kramer starts to walk out, Jerry grabs him by the shirttail and drags him back.)
JERRY: Why are you buttering your face?
KRAMER: I'm shaving with it.
JERRY: Oh Moses smell the roses.
KRAMER: Jerry, it's vastly superior to any commercial shaving cream. The shave is close and clean, and the natural emolients keep my skin silky-smooth. Now feel my face.
JERRY: No.
KRAMER: Feel it.
JERRY: I don't want to.
KRAMER: Feel it. Feel it.
JERRY: (places two slices of bread against Kramer's face) That is close.
(Kramer takes the bread and eats it as he walks out of Jerry's apartment.)
[George's job interview at Play Now Sporting Goods.]
GEORGE: I got the job?
MR. THOMASSOULO: George, everybody here at Play Now is very impressed with you. I, I'm sure you heard that.
GEORGE: Well, no.
MR.THOMASSOULO: Now I don't want you to think that anyone's gonna treat you any differently just because of your, uh, (clears his throat) handicap.
GEORGE: Handicap? (gesturing to his cane) Oh, I'm not handicapped.
MR. THOMASSOULO: I'm sorry. Differently, uh, advantaged.
GEORGE: Yeah, I didn't mean that.
MR. THOMASSOULO: Of course you will have your own private, fully equipped bathroom.
GEORGE: (shocked) When do I start?
MR. THOMASSOULO: Whenever you feel that you're able. (rises to show George out) Um, you need a hand here.
GEORGE: (Thomassoulo helps George get up) Yeah, what the hell.
[Monk's. George and Jerry are in their regular booth]
JERRY: You got the job?
GEORGE: Jerry, it's fantastic. I love the people over there. They- they treat me so great. You know they think I'm handicapped, they gave me this incredible office, a great view.
JERRY: Hold on, they think you're handicapped?
GEORGE: Yeah, yeah, well, because of the cane. You should see the bathroom they gave me!
JERRY: How can you do this?
GEORGE: Jerry, let's face it, I've always been handicapped. I'm just now getting the recognition for it. Name one thing I have that puts me in a position of advantage. Huh? There was a guy that worked at the Yankees-- no arms! He got more work done than I did, made more money, had a wife, a family, drove a better car than I did.
JERRY: He drove a car with no arms?
GEORGE: All right, I made up the part about the car, but the rest is true. And he hated me anyway!
JERRY: Do you know how hard it's getting just to tell people I know you?
GEORGE: I love that bathroom. It's got that high, high toilet. I feel like a gargoyle perched on the ledge of a building.
(Kramer walks up holding an institutional sized container of butter.)
KRAMER: Hey! They hooked me up.
GEORGE: What's with all the butter?
KRAMER: I'm shaving with it, and you know what I discovered?
JERRY: You can eat it?
KRAMER: No, my face feels so good, I'm gonna use it all over my body.
(Jerry smirks, Kramer walks away. Bania and Jenna enter)
JERRY: Oh my god, it's Bania and Jenna.
GEORGE: Who?
JERRY: The tooth brush in the toilet bowl.
(Bania and Jenna walk over.)
BANIA: Hey Jerry, this is Jenna. Pretty good-lookin' huh?
JENNA: Uh, Jerry's the guy that I dated right before you.
BANIA: Oh. This is awkward.
JENNA: Don't worry, Kenny. After dating Jerry, you're a pleasure.
(Bania and Jenna leave.)
JERRY: I don't believe this.
GEORGE: You miss her, don't you?
JERRY: No! He's riding my coattails again. He's getting everything off me, first laughs now ladies.
GEORGE: You miss her.
[Puddy and Elaine on the plane.]
PUDDY: (to flight attendant) You know I think ultimately, I'm upset with myself. I knew what I was getting into, she's a bitter, unstable person. I mean the sex was good. I'm sure it was fine for her. I need more.
ELAINE: (to another passenger) Huh. You believing this?
PASSENGER: Excuse me, I...I was sleeping.
ELAINE: You missed quite a performance.
(Elaine drinks from a can of juice.)
PASSENGER: (disbelieving) That's my apple juice.
[A "Handicapped George montage" at Play Now Sporting Goods. With "Morning Train" by Sheena Easton as the background, George rides up the stairs on a rail, is carried through the hall by a woman, is caught 'fencing' with his cane and fakes a lame knee, and trips a co-worker with the cane handle and gets laughs from everyone, including the man he tripped.]
[Jerry walks into his apartment sniffing the air, followed closely by Newman.]
JERRY: Someone's cooking.
NEWMAN: Hello, Jerry.
JERRY: Hello, Newman.
NEWMAN: You know, old friend, sometimes I ponder this silly gulf between us and I say, "Why?" Are we really so different. For what is--
JERRY: (cutting in) I'm not the one doing the cooking, Newman.
NEWMAN: Damn you Seinfeld. You useless pustule. Um, somebody's got something on the griddle. maybe it's Kramer.
JERRY: No, he's up on the roof getting some sun with the butter (pauses) Oh no!
NEWMAN: Butter?
[Back to the airplane. Elaine and Puddy indirectly attack each other.]
PASSENGER: (explaining the coins to Elaine) This is the fimty kroner.
ELAINE: (to passenger) Oh? You know my last boyfriend, he had a real kroner comprehension problem. Know what I mean? A real cement head.
(Puddy and the woman across the aisle share a laugh.)
WOMAN: David, you are so funny.
PUDDY: Yeah, I know.
ELAINE: (grabbing Puddy) What are you doing?
PUDDY: It's a long flight, Elaine. I had to get on with my life.
ELAINE: By making time with some floozy across the aisle?
PUDDY: Yeah, that's right. Well, what's going on over there with you and, uh, Vegetable Lasagna?
ELAINE: This guy? He's an idiot. he doesn't mean anything to me.
PASSENGER: (hereon known as Vegetable Lasagna) I can hear you.
PUDDY: Well, she doesn't mean anything to me either. If it were up to me, we'd still be together.
ELAINE: Well maybe I feel the same way.
PUDDY: Ok.
ELAINE: Ok, so now what?
PUDDY: Let's make out.
[Roof of Jerry and Kramer's building, very bright and sunny. Kramer is decked out shirtless and sleeping on a lawn chair, and he's bright red.]
JERRY: Kramer!
KRAMER: Oh, man. I think I cooked myself.
JERRY: Look at your skin.
KRAMER: Stick a fork in me, Jerry. I'm done.
[Jerry's apartment, Kramer walks in.]
KRAMER: I'm fried.
JERRY: Technically, you're sauted. So, what are you doing for that?
KRAMER: Well, I just gotta keep my skin moist so I don't dry out.
JERRY: Is that what the doctor said?
KRAMER: No, I read an article in Bon Appetit magazine. (grabs a baster) I'll see you later.
JERRY: Yea.
(George enters limping)
KRAMER: Hey.
GEORGE: Hey.
KRAMER: How you doing? (Kramer leaves)
GEORGE: (sniffing) Hmm. Game hen?
JERRY: Kind of. Nice limp, you're bringing your work home with you?
GEORGE: No, I fake limp on my right. This is a real limp because I sprained my ankle.
JERRY: What happened?
GEORGE: Well, I was buttering myself up for a nice shave --
JERRY: Oh no, not you too?
GEORGE: I must have dripped some on the floor and I slipped and...
JERRY: You know what's good for that? Relish.
(Phone rings, Jerry answers.)
JERRY: Hello? Yeah, this is Jerry Seinfeld. What? No. No! No! No!! No!!! Thank you. (Hangs up.) I don't believe this. They've added Bania to the network showcase and he's going on right after me.
GEORGE: So what, he's got a couple of good jokes.
JERRY: Oh, like what, Ovaltine? Why do dogs drink out of the toilet? Shopping carts with one bad wheel?
GEORGE: That's true, that always happens to me.
JERRY: You think that's funny?
GEORGE: I don't know, I like stuff you don't have to think about too much.
JERRY: You like Bania's act. You're a closet Bania fan!
GEORGE: Maybe I am.
JERRY: Oh, I'm gonna puke.
GEORGE: Puke! That's a funny word. Puke. (laughing) Puke! Don't have to think about that.
[Elaine and Puddy on the plane.]
ELAINE: I can't believe we broke up like that.
PUDDY: It was stupid.
(Elaine starts reading, Puddy stares off into space.)
ELAINE: Do you want something to read?
PUDDY: No I'm good.
ELAINE: Well, are you going to take a nap or --
PUDDY: No.
ELAINE: You're just going to sit there staring at the back of a seat?
PUDDY: Yeah.
(Elaine tries to read but cannot concentrate.)
ELAINE: That's it! I cannot take this! I mean, look at this, nothing has changed. We've been back together two hours, we're having the same problems we had 12 hours ago.
PUDDY: Tell me about it, I don't know why I ever took you back.
ELAINE: Oh, please! I took you back. You know it, I know it, Vegetable Lasagna here knows it.
VEGETABLE LASAGNA: Please, please, I don't want to get involved.
ELAINE: Ugh, I hope a giant mountain rises out of the ocean and we just ram right into it and end this whole thing!
VEGETABLE LASAGNA: Oh God.
(Elaine then slams her seat back several times into the legs of the passenger seated behind her.)
PASSENGER 2: Ow! Ow!!
[Kramer's apartment, Kramer is in the hot tub, Newman is seated beside it, reading "Alive"]
NEWMAN: How much longer you gonna be, I'm starving here.
KRAMER: Just a few more squirts. Cause I gotta stay juicy.
NEWMAN: That smell. It's still with you, huh?
KRAMER: Yeah, it's baked on in. Hey, put another stick of butter in.
NEWMAN: Here.
KRAMER: Yeah, stir it up so it melts.
(Newman stirs the hot tub with a lacrosse stick, licking his lips and working himself up.)
KRAMER: Oh yea that feels good. Ahh, now I'm simmering.
(Newman drops the stick and runs out.)
NEWMAN: I'll meet you at the coffee shop.
[George and Mr. Thomassoulo at Play Now.]
MR. THOMASSOULO: Good morning, George.
GEORGE: Good morning, sir.
MR. THOMASSOULO: Is there something wrong with your other leg?
GEORGE: Oh, no, that's just the old, uh, the old handicap acting up.
MR. THOMASSOULO: But your cane's on the wrong side.
GEORGE: Oh well, that's, uh, thats just because we're, uh, standing on opposite sides.
MR.THOMASSOULO: Huh?
GEORGE: Yeah, see, uh, when we met, I was over there and, uh, you were over here, so the image, uh, the image was reversed, like, uh, like in the mirror.
(They walk over to a mirrored wall.)
GEORGE: See? This looks right to you, doesn't it?
MR. THOMASSOULO: Uh, yeah, I guess.
GEORGE: (passes cane from right to left and back a few times) But, see here. Right. Wrong. Right. Wrong. Right. Right. Wrong--
MR. THOMASSOULO: Will you stop it, George? Just stop it! I think I can see what's going on here.
[Jerry's apartment, there's a beeping sound coming from the hall. Jerry opens the door, George rolls in on a Rascal scooter.]
GEORGE: Well, you're not gonna believe what happened.
JERRY: You mugged Stephen Hawking?
GEORGE: Play Now thinks I got problems in both legs. My own personal Rascal, Jerry. On the house.
(George rides around the apartment.)
JERRY: Well it must be comforting to know you'll be going straight to hell at no more than three miles an hour.
(Jerry's phone rings, he answers it.)
JERRY: Hello?
ELAINE: Jerry.
JERRY: Hey, Lainie, how's the trip going?
ELAINE: Awful. This trip was a *huge* mistake. Huge!
VEGETABLE LASAGNA: Please don't shout. I can't take it.
JERRY: Who's that?
ELAINE: It's Vegetable Lasagna.
JERRY: Who?
ELAINE: Vegetable Lasagna!
VEGETABLE LASAGNA: My name is Magnus.
ELAINE: Shut up or I'll snap you in half and stuff you in the overhead!
JERRY: Get me some duty free Kahlua.
(Jerry hangs up.)
GEORGE: How's the trip?
JERRY: Sounded good.
GEORGE: Well. Gotta motor.
JERRY: Hey, if you got any juice left, you might wanna roll by the big showcase tonight.
GEORGE: Ah, you still going on in front of Bania, eh?
JERRY: That's right, and I'll tell you what. I'm feeling a little off.
GEORGE: What are you talking about? (Jerry grins) You're not!
JERRY: That's right, I'm taking a dive.
GEORGE: You're throwing the set?
JERRY: I'm laying down! Then we'll see how he does up there, without all the assistance.
GEORGE: Listen Jerry. With all due respect, Bania's voice is the voice of a new generation. My generation.
JERRY: We're four months apart.
GEORGE: Nevertheless. His time has come.
(George tries to back out but his front wheel becomes wedged under Jerry's coffee table.)
GEORGE: Now if you will kindly help me unwedge my front wheel, I'll be on my way.
(Jerry ignores him, George leans on his horn.)
[Newman is seated at the counter at Monks, mumbling to himself.]
NEWMAN: Butter. Kramer. Butter. Kramer.
(The waitress brings a roasted turkey out on a tray. Newman hallucinates Kramer's head on the turkey.)
KRAMER/Turkey: (waving wing) Hey buddy.
(Newman screams and runs out of Monks.)
[Jerry and Kramer in the back room of a comedy club]
KRAMER: Jerry, what are you doing? George tells me you're gonna throw your set?
JERRY: That's right, Choochie. Let's see how Bania does without the cushy timeslot.
CLUB ANNOUNCER: (OC) Ladies and gentlemen, Jerry Seinfeld!
(Jerry removes his jacket to reveal a pair of rainbow-colored suspenders.)
JERRY: If you'll excuse me.
(Jerry tosses the jacket to Kramer.)
KRAMER: Whoa, man!
(Jerry bolts through the kitchen door, presumably towards the stage.)
JERRY: (OC) Hey everybody! Who's ready to laugh?
[Jerry is on stage at the comedy club, Kramer is in the audience.]
JERRY: What's the deal with lampshades? I mean if it's a lamp, why do you want shade?
(Kramer laughs hysterically, he's the only one.)
JERRY: And what's with people getting sick?
NEWMAN: Hee hee! Yeah yeah!
JERRY: I mean, what's the deal with cancer?
MAN IN AUDIENCE: I have cancer!
KRAMER: Oh, tough crowd.
[George is riding his Rascal scooter on a city sidewalk when he accidentally bumps another scooter as its owner and some friends are walking out of a nearby store.]
MAN: Hey, hey! You dented my ride.
(George walks back to inspect the damage.)
GEORGE: Whatcha got there, the 4-volt? Heh, I did you a favor.
MAN: How about I do you a favor upside your head?
GEORGE: Oh yeah?
MAN: Oh yeah.
(George leaps back on his scooter and floors it.)
MAN: Hey!
WOMAN: Get the bikes.
[Jerry returns to the comedy club kitchen to a chorus of boos. he's soaked with sweat. Kramer and Bania are there.]
BANIA: Ouch.
KRAMER: Well, that wasn't so bad, huh?
JERRY: What are you talking about? I bombed!
KRAMER: No, you had some good stuff. The cancer bit? I mean, it was edgy, it was not my sort of thing but some of those people out there, they really liked it.
JERRY: Like who?
KRAMER: Well, that guy who yelled out.
JERRY: He *had* cancer!
KRAMER: And laughter is the best medicine.
JERRY: Hey, sorry Kenny. Guess you got your work cut out for you.
CLUB ANNOUNCER: (OC) Ladies and gentlemen, Kenny Bania!
(Bania walks out, Jerry leaves, Newman walks in.)
KRAMER: Hey, Jerry, he could have used your laugh. He was a big turkey out there.
NEWMAN: (salivating) Turkey?
KRAMER: A big fat turkey.
NEWMAN: I'm sorry I missed that.
KRAMER: I tell ya, he worked so hard and then he just--
(Kramer accidentally knocks over a bowl of oregano, getting it all over himself.)
KRAMER: What is this, oregano?
(Just then the other kitchen door swings open and a chef bursts through carrying a bowl of Parmesan cheese. he trips and empties the bowl all over Kramer.)
KRAMER: Look at me! I'm all covered in oregano and Parmesan, and it's sticking to me because of the butter! Look at me!
(Newman, still salivating, now with a vacant stare, grabs a bunch of green leaves and hands them to Kramer.)
NEWMAN: Here. Hold this.
KRAMER: What is this, parsley?
(Newman makes as if to attack Kramer.)
[Jerry watching Bania from the wing.]
JERRY: Ah, the sweet stench of failure.
(Kramer and Newman, locked in struggle, run past Jerry and onto the stage.)
KRAMER: Ah you bit me. Get off of me, get off of me!
[City sidewalk, George is leading an extremely low speed chase. Action movie music plays, and pedestrians walk by faster than the scooters. George's battery dies and his scooter stops.]
MAN: Now I got you!
(George jumps up from the scooter, picks it up and begins hauling it as fast as he can. He meets up with Mr. Thomassoulo who's exiting a building at that moment.)
MR. THOMASSOULO: George? Your legs!
GEORGE: Are you a religious man, sir?
MR. THOMASSOULO: No.
(Unbeknownst to George, the old man catches up to him and is about to lay into him with a cane.)
MAN: Eat hickory!!
(The man swings the cane at George's head)
[Jerry, sitting in the bar at the comedy club drinking a glass of champagne. Bania walks in.]
BANIA: Hey Jerry, didja see it?
JERRY: Ouch.
(Two men in suits walk in and introduce themselves.)
STU: Kenny! There you are. Jay Shermak and Stu Crespi from NBC. Listen, Kenny. Really funny out there.
JERRY: What?
JAY: That thing you did having the two guys running through? I love stuff you don't have to think too much about.
STU: Give us a call. We want to be in the Kenny Bania business.
JAY: By the way, Jerry? The suspenders? A little hacky.
BANIA: How about that Jerry? First you had a pilot on NBC and now I'll have one. Looks like I'm following you again.
JERRY: Oh, I'm gonna puke.
BANIA: Puke? That's a funny word. Can I use that?
[Exterior of NYC airport.]
ELAINE: David, this has been the worst month of my life and if I never see you again it'll be too soon.
PUDDY: Ditto.
ELAINE: Oh that's origi-
PUDDY: Go to Hell.
(Elaine gets into a taxi cab.)
ELAINE: 86th and Broadway please.
CAB DRIVER: I'm sorry lady, there's a cab shortage. The Transit Police are making everybody share.
(Puddy enters the cab on the left.)
ELAINE: Oh no.
(Vegetable Lasagna enters the cab on the right.)
VEGETABLE LASAGNA: Hello! (sees Elaine) Oh no. I'm sorry.
ELAINE: Noooooooooooo!
(Cab rides away.)
(Episode Dedicated to the Memory of Brandon Tartikoff)
[Scene: In the Play Now office]
THOMASSOULO: George, you're not really handicapped, are you?
GEORGE: I've had my difficulties.
THOMASSOULO: I saw you running down Amsterdam Avenue lifting that 200 pound motorized cart with one hand.
GEORGE: Mr. Thomassoulo during times of great stress, people are capable of super human strength. Have you ever seen the Incredible Hulk, sir?
THOMASSOULO: No
GEORGE: How about the old Spider Man live action show?
THOMASSOULO: George, I've realized we've signed a one-year contract with you, but at this point I think it's best that we both go our separate ways.
GEORGE: I don't understand.
THOMASSOULO: We don't like you. We want you to leave.
GEORGE: Clearer
[Scene: At Monks Caf]
JERRY: So you're staying at Play Now?
GEORGE: Why not? Pay is good. I got dental, private access to one of the great handicapped toilets in the city.
JERRY: But they not you aren't handicapped, aren't you ashamed?
GEORGE: They're the ones who should be ashamed. They signed me to a one-year contract. As long as I show up for work every day, they have to pay me.
(Elaine walks in)
ELAINE: Hey
JERRY & GEORGE: (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o!
GEORGE: Hello-o-o-o Elaine!
ELAINE: What's that?
JERRY: Oh, it's just this stupid thing.
ELAINE: Well, I'm sure it's stupid. It's not about me, is it?
JERRY: (doing the voice) No-o-o-o.
GEORGE: (doing the voice) Not at all.
ELAINE: Tell me!
JERRY: All right. You know this girl Clare I am seeing?
ELAINE: Yeah.
JERRY: Well, he and I starting joking that when she falls asleep her stomach stays awake all night and talks to me.
ELAINE: How is it talking?
JERRY: Well, her belly button is like a mouth. (doing the voice) I'm bored. Talk to me.
ELAINE: Oh I gotta start taking these "stupid" warnings more seriously.
(Puddy walks in)
JERRY: Hey, look whose here - Puddy.
ELAINE: My Puddy? But we broke up.
JERRY: And yet he continues to live.
(Puddy walks over to the table)
PUDDY: Hey Benes, How are you?
ELAINE: I'm doing great.
PUDDY: Great. (pauses) See ya.
JERRY: Well, that's it. You two are back together.
ELAINE: What?
JERRY: The bump into. The bump into always leads to the backslide.
ELAINE: David and I will not be getting back together.
JERRY: Elaine, breaking up is like knocking over a coke machine. You can't do it in one push, you got to rock it back and forth a few times, and then it goes over.
GEORGE: That's beautiful.
ELAINE: What about you? You were even engaged, and you cut it off just like that.
JERRY: That's different. I didn't have feelings for those people. But you, you'll backslide
ELAINE: You want to bet?
JERRY: Stakes?
ELAINE: 50
JERRY: Dollars?
ELAINE: All right. Witness? (looks at George).
GEORGE: Witness.
JERRY: Done.
GEORGE: Percentage?
JERRY & ELAINE: No.
[Scene: At Jerry's apartment]
CLARE: So I'll call you tonight?
JERRY: Yeah.
CLARE: What's wrong with the belt?
JERRY: I went to the movies last night, I went to the bathroom and I unbuckled a little wobbly and the buckle kind of banged against the side of the urinal. So(throws away belt) that's it!
CLARE: So, you're insane?
JERRY: Oh yes, quite.
(Kramer walks in)
KRAMER: Hello!
JERRY: Of course it's a sliding scale.
CLARE: Catch you later.
KRAMER & JERRY: (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o! (haha)
JERRY: (doing the voice) La la la.
KRAMER: (doing the voice) La la la.
(Kramer is reading the newspaper at the table)
KRAMER: Look at this, they are redoing the Cloud Club.
JERRY: Oh, that restaurant on top of the Chrysler building? Yeah, that's a good idea.
KRAMER: Of course it's a good idea, it's my idea. I conceived this whole project two years ago.
JERRY: Which part? The renovating the restaurant you don't own part or spending the two hundred million you don't have part?
KRAMER: You see I come up with these things, I know they're gold, but nothing happens. You know why?
JERRY: No resources, no skill, no talent, no ability, no brains.
KRAMER: (interrupts) No, notime! It's all this meaningless time. Laundry, grocery, shopping, coming in here talking to you. Do you have any idea how much time I waste in this apartment?
JERRY: I can ball park it.
(Elaine walks in  how did she come up without the buzzer?)
ELAINE: (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o!
KRAMER: Here we go; now she comes in. Now my whole day is shot!
JERRY: Hey, I called you last night, where were you?
ELAINE: (looking VERY guilty) I went out with a (fake cough) a friend.
JERRY: George?
ELAINE: (looking guiltier) No, nono.
JERRY: Well, I was here, that's everyone (laughing).
ELAINE: (laughing).
JERRY: Are those the same shoes as yesterday?
ELAINE: Oh, you know I wear these shoes all the time.
JERRY: Your hair, it's somewhat de-poofed.
ELAINE: It's the new look. You know Heroin Cheek?
JERRY: Wait a second, what's going on here?
ELAINE: Nothing, nothing.
JERRY: (screams).
ELAINE: (screams).
JERRY: You're wearing the same clothes as yesterday!!! (pauses) You saw Puddy!
KRAMER: Hoochie moochie. (haha)
JERRY: Hand it over. Pay up.
ELAINE: No! It's an isolated, sexual incident. We are not back together!
JERRY: Then what do you call it? People don't just bump into each other and have sex. This isn't cinemax.
ELAINE: It was no big deal OK? I mean we fooled around, then we went out and grabbed a little dinner.
JERRY: Ah, dinner! That's it, you're all the way back!
ELAINE: Ugh!
JERRY: Sex, that's meaningless, I can understand that, but dinner; that's heavy. That's like an hour.
KRAMER: (still reading the paper) Man, 2.9 percent financing on a Toyota Onedun (Sp?). That was my idea too!
[Scene: At Play Now]
GEORGE: Good Morning!
CO-WORKER: Go to hell!
GEORGE: Hi Allison, that's a nice dress.
ALLISON: Don't even look at me.
GEORGE: Hey Glenn!
GLENN: Hey, go tell hell!
GEORGE: Heard that one already.
[Scene: At Jerry's apartment]
(Jerry walks in. Kramer is showing his "intern," Darren around)
KRAMER: So that's the bedroom. Here's the bathroom. If you need to, you can familiarize yourself with the kitchenYeah, go ahead and look through some of the drawers.
JERRY: And you are?
DARREN: Oh, hey, I'm Darren. I'm new here.
KRAMER: Yeah, that's Jerry, you don't have to worry about him. Why don't you go across the hall and get started on that mail.
DARREN: Right!
KRAMER: He's a go getter!
JERRY: Who's he?
KRAMER: My intern from NYU. Well, you remember my corporation, Kramerica Industries.
JERRY: Alright.
KRAMER: Well, apparently NYU is very enthusiastic about their students getting some real world corporate experience.
JERRY: But you only provide fantasy world corporate experience.
KRAMER: Well, this will really free up my time so I can focus on more important things, like my bladder system.
JERRY: Alright, it's time to go.
KRAMER: Jerry, it's not for people, it's for oil tankers.
JERRY: (sarcastically) I know!
(Jerry tries to shove Kramer out the door)
KRAMER: You see the idea is for a rubber ball inside the tanker so if it crashes, the oil won't spill out.
JERRY: Actually, that is not a bad idea.
KRAMER: (smiles) yeah.
JERRY: Now, it's time to go.
(slams door)
(phone rings)
JERRY: Hello
GEORGE: (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o. (He's sitting on the floor in his Play Now office).
JERRY: (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o. (pauses) So, what's going on?
GEORGE: Siege mentality, Jerry. They really want me out of here. They've downgraded me to some sort of a bunker. I'm like Hitler's last days here.
JERRY: So, are you going to leave?
GEORGE: Oh no! I'm vigilant. They'll never get me out. I'm like a weed, Jerry.
JERRY: I thought you're like Hitler in the bunker?
GEORGE: I'm a weed in Hitler's bunker.
JERRY: I'm getting a little uncomfortable with the Hitler stuff. (his other line beeps) I'm getting another call, see ya(answers call) Hello!
DARREN: Hi, this is Darren from Kramer's office. Mr. Kramer would like to schedule a lunch with you at Monk's coffee shop.
JERRY: (looking shocked) Really? When?
DARREN: In 10 minutes. Do you need directions?
JERRY: No, I don't.
DARREN: Well, I'll call back in 5 minutes to confirm.
KRAMER: Yeah, 5.
(Elaine walks in  again, how did she get up without the buzzer?)
ELAINE: Hey!
JERRY: Hey! So, where's my money?
ELAINE: No money, I am Puddy free. So, are we eating or what?
JERRY: Oh yeah, hold on.
(Jerry calls Kramer and Darren answers)
JERRY: Hello Darren, this is Jerry from Jerry's office. (Elaine is looking confused). We're going to be three for lunch. (Elaine is still looking confused) What do you mean he's already left?
(Kramer walks in)
JERRY: Hey, Elaine is going to come with us, alright?
KRAMER: What? When did this happen?
JERRY: Well, just
KRAMER: (yelling) DARREN!
[Scene: At Elaine's apartment]
(Sitting on the couch thinking to herself)
ELAINE: I am not calling Puddy. What did I do with my gloves? Oh, I bet I left them over at Puddy's. I should call him. I need those gloves. No, I better not. I'll call. (looks at table) Oh, look at that! There are the gloves. I was just about to call. There they are. That's funny. That's really funny. That's really really funny. You know who loves funny stories, David Puddy. (Picks up phone).
[Scene: At Monk's Cafe]
GEORGE: Well, Play Now is through playing. They turned the heat way up in my office. They tried to sweat me out.
JERRY: Do you have to write all this stuff down.
DARREN: Well, Mr. Kramer is in a meeting with Mr. Lohmase and he didn't want to miss anything.
JERRY: So, how hot did it get?
GEORGE: I don't know, 120, 130Then they sent some guys to sandblast for 6 hours. Tomorrow they are putting in asbestos.
JERRY: I guess you can take anything, but actual work.
GEORGE: Bring it on!
(Kramer walks in)
GEORGE: (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o Kramer!
JERRY: (doing the voice) Wel-l-l-c-o-m-e!
GEORGE: (doing the voice) La la la.
KRAMER: Sorry I couldn't get out of there, what did I miss? (asking his "intern")
DARREN: Well, after ordering, Mr. Seinfeld and Mr. Costanza debated on whether or not iron man wore some sort under garment between his skin and his iron suit
KRAMER: Uh huh
GEORGE: (Interrupts) And I still say he's naked under there!
JERRY: Oh that makes a lot of sense.
GEORGE: Oh, shut up!
DARREN: Then Mr. Seinfeld went to the restroom, at which point Mr. Costanza scooped ice out of Mr. Seinfeld's drink with his bare hands using it to wash up (Jerry is taking a sip of water and looking mad) then Mr. Costanza remarked to me, "This never happened." (Jerry then spits out the water).
(George is looking pissed off)
[Scene: At Jerry's apartment in his bed]
JERRY: (giggling)
CLARE: What's so funny?
JERRY: Oh, nothing. (still giggling)
CLARE: What are you laughing about? Tell me.
JERRY: Oh all right, this is really dumb, really stupid. We've been doing this silly, dumb voice.
(Clare storms out of the room mad!)
CLARE: So is it fun humiliating me?
JERRY: No, it's not you. It's your stomach, he's taking with this funny, booming, jovial voice. (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o.
CLARE: So you think I'm fat?
JERRY: No it's
(Darren walks in)
DARREN: Mr. Kramer says, "hey buddy!"
JERRY: Hey, we're kind of in the middle of something here. Would you mind coming back later?
DARREN: Oh yeah sure, sure. Should we set something up now?
JERRY: (Screams) GET OUT!
CLARE: I'm leaving too.
JERRY: No body said you're fat. He's a loving character, like the Kool-ade guy.
CLARE: He is fat!
JERRY: No, he's just a little bloated.
CLARE: Good-bye!
JERRY: It's mostly water weight.
(Kramer walks in)
KRAMER: Boysenberry, the kid is still learning.
(Darren is standing in the hallway on the phone)
DARREN: Mr. KramerDean, my internship is on line two, she wants to set up a meeting.
KRAMER: Yeah, well nothing before noon.
JERRY: Line two?
KRAMER: Yeah, your phone is line one.
JERRY: Oh
[Scene: At Elaine's apartment]
PUDDY: So the gloves were right by the phone. That is pretty funny.
ELAINE: See, this is what Jerry's doesn't understand. We can see each other. We can see each other every day, but it doesn't mean we are back together.
PUDDY: I mean I love just seeing you and having sex.
ELAINE: Yeah.
PUDDY: Not having to do all thatyou knowwork.
ELAINE: Well, either way
PUDDY: All that calling you, and buying you stuff
ELAINE: David
PUDDY: Caring about how everyone at work isn't as smart as you. It's brutal.
ELAINE: Alright that's it! We're back together!
PUDDY: Oh, no.
ELAINE: Oh, yeah.
PUDDY: Look Elaine, be reasonable.
(Elaine kisses Puddy)
ELAINE: Get those clothes off. You're going to spend the night and we're going to cuddle.
PUDDY: What?
ELAINE: You heard me. Strip!
[Scene: At Play Now]
(George is walking in the hallway to his office. He sees his office has been boarded up)
GEORGE: (whistling).(laughing).AlrightOK.
(George goes through air vent  in his office)
GEORGE: (on phone  calling secretary) Hello Margery, George Costanza. How are you sweet heart? Listen, can you give Mr. Thomassoulo a message for me? Yes. If he needs me, tell him (screams) I'M IN MY OFFICE! Thanks.
[Scene: At NYU]
KRAMER: Dean Jones, you wanting to talk to me?
DEAN JONES: I've been reviewing Darren's internship journal. Doing laundry
KRAMER: Yeah.
DEAN JONES: Mending chicken wire, hi-tea with a Mr. Newman.
KRAMER: I know it sounds pretty glamorous, but it's business as usual at Kramerica.
DEAN JONES: As far as I can tell your entire enterprise is more than a solitary man with a messy apartment which may or may not contain a chicken.
KRAMER: And with Darren's help, we'll get that chicken.
DEAN JONES: I'm sorry, but we can't allow Darren to continue working with you.
KRAMER: Well, I have to say this seems capricious and arbitrary.
DEAN JONES: You fly is open.
[Scene: At Jerry's apartment]
(Jerry & Clare are talking by the doorway)
JERRY: So you're sure you're not still angry about last night?
CLARE: No, I'm fine. Just as long as you don't ever do that voice again.
JERRY: Never?
CLARE: Never.
JERRY: What about if you're not around?
CLARE: No!
JERRY: So I have to choose between seeing you and doing the voice?
CLARE: That's right.
JERRY: I can do that.
CLARE: So what's your decision?
JERRY: I don't know.
(At the dock or beach)
(Jerry is thinking to himself  looking quite funny)
(He's thinking about all the times him and Clare spent together. He's trying to decide if he likes her more or the voice more)
(Jerry knocks on Clare's door)
CLARE: JerryHI.
JERRY: (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o. La-la-la. (haha)
[Scene: At Jerry's apartment]
GEORGE: You broke up with her? Why?
JERRY: So we could do the voice. (doing the voice) La-la-la. What's the matter?
GEORGE: I think I'm getting tired of it. I mean is that all it does? Hello? La-la-la?
JERRY: No, it can do anything. It can be Spanish. (doing the voice) Hola. Hello-o-o-o.
GEORGE: I think I like the girl better than the voice.
JERRY: Really?
(Elaine walks in  how does she keep getting up without that buzzer?!)
JERRY: (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o.
ELAINE: Still?
GEORGE: I told you.
ELAINE: Alright, here you go, choke on it (hands him money).
JERRY: See, never bet against the backslide. I knew you two would get back together.
ELAINE: Yeah, well not for long. I'm breaking up with him.
JERRY: No, I don't think so. I've seen you two together. You make each other miserable. It's kismet.
ELAINE: Double or nothing.
JERRY: Done.
GEORGE: (talking from bathroom) Witness?
JERRY: You're in there again.
GEORGE: I think Play Now is putting something in my food.
(Kramer walks in)
ELAINE: Alright, I'm out of here.
JERRY: What is this? (Kramer is wearing jeans that look like it doesn't fit him).
KRAMER: I don't know. I found them in your closet. Ever since Darren left I haven't been able to find anything. He took all my clothes to some cleaners. I'm clueless. (looks at clock) Is that clock right?
JERRY: Yeah. Nine o'clock.
KRAMER: I was supposed to pick up Newman at the zoo twelve hours ago.
JERRY: (doing the voice) Good-bye Kramer.
KRAMER: Jerry, buddy, I got to tell you something. That voice is played.
JERRY: Really?
KRAMER: So played.
GEORGE: I told you.
[Scene: Hallway, Darren is knocking on Kramer's door]
KRAMER: Darren? What are you doing here? The college canceled the internship.
DARREN: I don't care about the internship. I care about Kramerica.
KRAMER: Kramerica is no more.
DARREN: What about the oil tanker bladder system? We were going to put an end to maritime oil spills.
KRAMER: Probably. Darren, you go home. Forget about Kramerica.
(Kramer slams door)
(Kramer opens door)
KRAMER: Well, you're still here?
DARREN: I haven't had time to leave.
KRAMER: Well, I haven't changed my mind.
(Kramer slams door)
(Kramer opens door)
KRAMER: Well, you are a tenacious little monkey. Alright, I'll do it. Kramerica industries lives! Let's get back to work!
(Kramer slams door)
(Kramer opens door)
KRAMER: Let's see what Jerry has to eat.
[Scene: At Play Now  in the bosses office]
THOMASSOULO: You win George. We've had it. If you leave right now, Play Now will give you six months pay. That's half of your entire contract. Pleasejust go.
GEORGE: You see if I stay the whole year, I get it all.
THOMASSOULO: Want to play hand ball huh? Fine. (calls on intercom) Attention Play Now employees, George Costanza's handicapped bathroom is now open on the sixteenth floor to all employees and their families.
GEORGE: Well played.
THOMASSOULO: I'll see you in hell Costanza.
[Scene: At Jerry's apartment]
JERRY: (on the phone with Clare) Clare thanks for giving me a second chance. Our relationship is certainly worth more than some silly, stupid voice. Hold on one second. (George walks in  Jerry asks George) So we definitely don't want to do the voice anymore? (George shakes his head NO) Alright, we're back together again, great. Bye bye.
[Scene: Hallway  Kramer & Darren are pushing an oil tank]
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Trouble down at the plant?
KRAMER: It's a tank of oil. Darren and I are finally going to test out my bladder system.
GEORGE: You have to drink that whole thing?
KRAMER: No. No. No. It's for oil tankers. All I need to do is fill some sort of rubber container with oil and then drop it to see whether or not it can restrain the impact.
JERRY: I understand (not really understanding, lol).
GEORGE: Would a giant rubber ball work?
KRAMER: Conceivably.
GEORGE: Well, Play Now has all kinds of different rubber balls. Why don't we test your bladder system at my office?
JERRY: You're not
GEORGE: Oh, yes I am. Mr. Thomassoulo likes to play dirty. Well, there's nothing dirtier than a giant ball of oil.
[Scene: At Monk's Cafe]
PUDDY: Hey, you want to split a root beer (I think that's what he says)?
ELAINE: I don't think so David, we're through.
PUDDY: OhThat's a nice sweater (Elaine smiles).
[Scene: At Elaine's house  the two are in bed]
ELAINE: Whew that was a dozy.
[Scene: At Jerry's apartment]
(Elaine throws down money on the table).
JERRY: Go again?
ELAINE: Book it.
GEORGE: (again from bathroom) Witness.
[Scene: At Elaine's apartment]
ELAINE: David I know this hurts, but it's the way it has to be (Puddy is giving her a look like he's going to still get some).
[Scene: At Jerry's apartment]
(Elaine is placing money on the table one by one)
JERRY: Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha.
[Scene: Jerry and Elaine at the movies]
ELAINE: I'm going to get some popcorn.
Scene: At Jerry's apartment]
(Elaine hands Jerry money)
ELAINE: So, how did it end?
JERRY: They got away.
ELAINE: uh.
[Scene: At Elaine's apartment]
ELAINE: Listen David, I've got to run. Can you lend me fifty bucks?
[Scene: At Play Now]
(Darren & Kramer are pushing the ball of oil  Jerry walks in)
JERRY: Hey.
KRAMER: Did you bring the video camera?
JERRY: Yeah, I put a six hour tape in. That should cover the experiment, the arrest, and most of your trial. Alright, I'll see ya.
GEORGE: Oh, you might want to stick around Jerry. Mr. Thomassoulo picked the wrong man to hire because he was fake handicapped.
JERRY: I can't. I got to meet Clare.
KRAMER: You gave up the voice?
JERRY: Yeah, I thought it was stupid. Unless you guys are liking it again.
KRAMER & GEORGE: No. No
JERRY: Darren?
DARREN: Sorry Mr. Seinfeld.
JERRY: Uh, bathroom.
GEORGE: Hey, use mine. I'll let you in.
JERRY: I thought it was open to the public.
GEORGE: I uh, took care of that.
(Both go to the bathroom, which looks really nice)
JERRY: Wow! Zanadu . No wonder you're putting in so many hours. (looks at urinal) May I?
GEORGE: I insist. I'll fix us a drink. (phone rings  who would that be?) I got it.
[Back to Kramer & Darren in George's office]
KRAMER: Whew. You know Darren, if you would have told me twenty-five years ago that some day I'd be standing here about to solve the worlds energy problems, I would've said you're crazy Now let's push this giant ball of oil out the window.
[Back in the bathroom]
GEORGE: So, check out my view.
JERRY: Wow! Hey, there's Clare. I better go down.
GEORGE: Hey, there's Kramer & Darren.
JERRY: There's the giant ball of oil. Clare's right underneath that thing. Clare! Hello-o-o-o! Hello-o-o-o! Hello-o-o-o!
CLARE: I don't believe this. I am not looking up if you're going to do that voice.
KRAMER: Bombs away (Uh oh).
JERRY: This is going to be a shame.
(SPLAT!)
GEORGE: Hello.
KRAMER: Well, that didn't work. Hey, how about thisketchup and mustard in the same bottle?
DARREN: Oh that sounds interesting sir.
KRAMER: Yeah.
(Police sirens  uh oh)
[Scene: At Monk's Caf]
JERRY: Clare won her lawsuit against Play Now. Gee, Play Now is filing for bankruptcy. I guess you're not going in anymore.
GEORGE: Yeah.
JERRY: So they're not paying you your
GEORGE: No.
JERRY: So you're pretty much
GEORGE: Yeah.
JERRY: What ever happened to Darren?
KRAMER: Darren is going away for a long long time.
JERRY: So Clare sure looked real funny covered in oil like that (doing the voice) Hello-o-o-o I got beamed with a giant ball of oil
GEORGE: (doing the voice) I'm slippery as an eel
KRAMER: (doing the voice) La la la.
JERRY: I'm just so glad it's back.
(Scene: At Elaine's apartment in bed with Puddy AGAIN)
ELAINE: See, this is good. This is the way it should be. You know why are we fooling ourselves. We belong together.
PUDDY: ELAINE: I want to break up.
ELAINE: Ah nuts!
[The Costanzas are driving in the car.]
FRANK: I got no leg room back here. Move your seat forward.
ESTELLE: That's as far as it goes.
FRANK: There's a mechanism. You just pull it, and throw your body weight.
ESTELLE: I pulled it. It doesn't go.
FRANK: If you want the leg room, say you want the leg room! Don't blame the mechanism!
GEORGE: All right, Dad, we're five blocks from the house. Sit sideways.
FRANK: Like an animal. Because of her, I have to sit here like an animal! Serenity now! Serenity now!
GEORGE: What is that?
FRANK: Doctor gave me a relaxation cassette. When my blood pressure gets too high, the man on the tape tells me to say, 'Serenity now!'
GEORGE: Are you supposed to yell it?
FRANK: The man on the tape wasn't specific.
GEORGE: What happened to the screen door? It blew off again?
ESTELLE: I told you to fix that thing.
FRANK: Serenity nowww!
[Monk's]
PATTY: So I told Bobby and Lisa that we'd try the new Chinese Spanish
place La Caridad on Saturday.
JERRY: Oh, I thought we had tickets for the Knicks home opener.
PATTY: Well I thought this would be more fun so I gave the tickets away.
JERRY: What? All right, fine.
PATTY: Are you mad at me?
JERRY: No, I love a good Chinese Spanish whatever it is.
PATTY: You know... I've never seen you mad.
JERRY: I get peeved.
PATTY: Mad.
JERRY: Miffed.
PATTY: *Mad*.
JERRY: Irked?
PATTY: I'd like to see you get *really* mad.
GEORGE: Why does she want you to be mad?
JERRY: She says I suppress my emotions.
GEORGE: So what do you care what she thinks.
JERRY: Good body.
GEORGE: She probably gets that impression because you're cool. You're under control. Like me. Nothing wrong with that.
JERRY: But I get upset, I've yelled. You've heard me yell.
GEORGE: Not really. Your voice kind of raises to this comedic pitch. (Kramer enters)
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Kramer, I am so sick of you comin' in here and eatin' all my food. Now shut that door and get the hell out of here!
KRAMER: (Laughing) What is that, a new bit?
GEORGE: I told ya. Hey, any of you guys want to come out and help me fix my father's screen door in Queens?
JERRY: Sorry, I'm fixing a screen door in the Bronx.
KRAMER: I'll do it.
GEORGE: Really? You wanna come?
KRAMER: Yeah, I love going to the country.
ELAINE: Where are they goin'?
JERRY: Fix a screen door in Queens.
ELAINE: (Laughing) That's funny. Hey, listen, what are you doin' Saturday night?
JERRY: Not goin' to the Knick game.
ELAINE: I need someone to go with me to Mr. Lippman's son's Bar Mitzvah.
JERRY: You know, if you don't bring a guest they save a catering. You should be able to buy a cheaper gift.
ELAINE: (Taking out Boggle) Oh, I don't think that's possible.
KRAMER: (Holding camera) Get in a little closer. I can't see the screen door. (Takes picture) Perfect.
GEORGE: Dad, the hinges are all rusted here. That's why the wind keeps blowing the door off.
ESTELLE: I hate that old door. Throw it out!
FRANK: Serenity now!
KRAMER: It might be time to just let her go, Frank. She's worked hard for ya.
FRANK: Will you put her to rest for me?
KRAMER: Oh yeah, I'll take good care of her. (Rips out the screen door)
ESTELLE: (From other room) Get George to put those boxes in the garage.
GEORGE: Dad, what's all this?
ESTELLE: (From other room) It's junk.
FRANK: My computers. I've been selling them for two months now. Shut up!
GEORGE: You're selling computers?
FRANK: Two months ago, I saw a provocative movie on cable TV. It was called The Net, with that girl from the bus. I did a little reading, and I realize, it wasn't that farfetched.
GEORGE: Dad, you know what it takes to compete with Microsoft and IBM?
FRANK: Yes, I do. That's why I got a secret weapon... my son.
JERRY: Damn it, they gave me cream! I asked for nonfat milk!
PATTY: I think they have 1% over there.
JERRY: 1%?! They can kiss 1% of my ass!
PATTY: OK, Jerry, enough. I'm not buying it.
JERRY: You're damn right you're not buying it!
PATTY: You shouldn't have to try. It's just being open.
JERRY: I'm open. There's just nothing in there.
PATTY: Sarcastically) Uh huh.
JERRY: Oh, you think I'm lying about this?
PATTY: I think you are.
JERRY: Well, I'm not.
PATTY: Yes, you are, liar.
JERRY: Oh, stop it.
PATTY: OK, liar.
JERRY: That's enough!
PATTY: Ooh, that was good.
JERRY: Really? It felt good.
ELAINE: Congratulations, Mr. Lippman.
LIPPMAN: Oh, Elaine. My boy's a man today. Can you believe it? He's a man.
ELAINE: Oh, congratulations, Adam. (Adam zealously French-kisses Elaine)
ADAM: I'm a man!
JERRY: Tongue?
ELAINE: Yeah.
GEORGE: Wow! I didn't try that 'til I was 23.
JERRY: Well this kid's not just a man. He's a man's man.
ELAINE: And I think he's been telling his friends. I got invitations to six more Bar Mitzvahs. (phone rings)
JERRY: Hello? Yeah, this is Jerry Seinfeld. No, no, no, I do not want to stop over in Cincinnati. Well, then you upgrade me. That's right, you should thank me. Goodbye. (Hangs up) Hey, I'm flyin' first class.
ELAINE: Where did that come from?
JERRY: Patty showed me how to get mad. You gotta problem with that?
ELAINE: No.
JERRY: Good.
GEORGE: All right, relax, tough guy. I got to go out to my father's garage, help him sell some computers.
JERRY: What? The two of you workin' in that garage is like a steel cage death match.
GEORGE: Kramer.
KRAMER: Yeah.
GEORGE: What-what are you doing?
KRAMER: Oh, I'm putting up Frank's screen door. This beauty's got a little life in her yet.
JERRY: What do you need it for?
KRAMER: (Closing door) The cool evening breezes of Anytown, USA. Let's see how this baby closes. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
GEORGE: Morning, ma.
ESTELLE: (From another room ) You're late!
GEORGE: Morning, dad.
FRANK: I'm not 'dad' in the workplace. My professional name is Mr. Costanza, and I will refer to you as 'Costanza'. Morning, Braun.
LLOYD: (Handing Frank coffee) Morning, George. Two cream, no sugar.
GEORGE: What is Lloyd Braun doing here?
FRANK: Your mother recommended him.
GEORGE: Yeah, of course she did. That's all I ever heard growing up is 'Why can't you be more like Lloyd Braun?' Did you know he was in a mental institution?
FRANK: I didn't read his resume.
LLOYD: (Ringing the sale bell) Another sale, Mr. Costanza. Chalk me up on the big board.
GEORGE: (Inquiring about the chalk board) What is this?
FRANK: (Drawing a zero under George's name) This is your lagging. Good work, Braun.
ESTELLE: (From another room) Good for you, Lloyd!
ELAINE: So Adam, I just talked to your father, and, apology accepted.
ADAM: I'm not apologizing. It was great. I told everyone.
ELAINE: Yeah, I know. Uh, by the way, could you do me a favor and tell Mitchell Tanenbaum that I will be unable to attend this Saturday.
ADAM: Are you free Friday night?
ELAINE: I am, but that is not the point. You are thirteen, and I am in my early... 20s.
ADAM: But I'm a man. The rabbi said so.
ELAINE: No. You are not a man. It takes a *long* time to become a man. I mean, half my friends aren't even there yet.
ADAM: Well, if I'm not a man, then this whole thing was a sham! First, they said I was gonna get great gifts, and then, somebody gives me Boggle. I renounce my religion!
LIPPMAN: Who wants cookies?
ADAM: As of this moment, I am no longer Jewish. I quit!
LIPPMAN: What?
ELAINE: (Eating) Walnuts, mmmmmm.
FRANK: You're late again, Costanza, so listen up. Starting tonight, we're having a little sales contest. The loser gets fired, the winner gets a Waterpik.
ESTELLE: (From another room) You're not giving away our Waterpik!
FRANK: Serenity now!
GEORGE: You know what? It doesn't matter, because I quit!
FRANK: I guess your mother was right. You never could compete with Lloyd Braun! (Lloyd rings his sale bell and smiles)
GEORGE: You wanna sell computers? I will show *you* how to sell computers! Hello, Mr. Farneman. You wanna buy a computer? No? Why not? All right, I see! Good answer! Thank you! (Lloyd rings his sale bell) Serenity now!
ELAINE: Adam, you don't become a man overnight. Look at your father. It takes time. Patience, experience. Uh, several careers of varying success. And these are things I look for in a man.
ADAM: (Storming out of the room) Well, that does me a lot of good. 'Early 20s'!
ELAINE: Well, I'm sorry, sir, I tried.
LIPPMAN: So, that's the type of guy you're looking for?
ELAINE: Uhh. I guess so. Why? (Mr. Lippman vigorously starts making out with her)
PATTY: (Surveying Kramer's hall patio ) What is this?
JERRY: (Knocking on Kramer's door) Anytown, U.S.A. Hello? Is Kramer home? Oh, hey.
KRAMER: (Spraying his flowers) Hello, neighbor.
JERRY: Boy, those azaleas are really coming in nicely.
KRAMER: Oh, you gotta mulch. You've got to.
JERRY: You barbecuing tonight?
KRAMER: (Ringing his wind chimes) Right after the fireworks.
JERRY: So, where do you want to eat tonight?
PATTY: How about La Caridad again?
JERRY: Again!? How much flan can a person eat!?
PATTY: Jerry, you've been yelling at me all afternoon.
JERRY: Well, I don't think more flan is the answer!
PATTY: Maybe I should just leave.
JERRY: 'Maybe'!?
PATTY: Good-bye!
JERRY: Double good-bye! (As Patty leaves, open door reveals Kramer, sitting on his lawn chair with a sparkler)
KRAMER: Hey, buddy!
ELAINE: (Coming in Jerry's apartment) Hey. Happy New Year!
KRAMER: (Getting the door slammed on him) Y'all come back reeeaall...
ELAINE: Did you and Patty just break up?
JERRY: Yeah! In fact, she broke up with me! And I don't want to talk about it!
ELAINE: Well, then you're free tonight. You know what, I heard about this great place called La Caridad.
JERRY: That's the last thing she said to me. She wanted to go there also, but I wasn't in the mood.
ELAINE: Whoa. What is the matter?
JERRY: It's Patty.
ELAINE: Jerry, you break up with a girl every week.
JERRY: (Crying) What--what is this salty discharge?
ELAINE: Oh my God. You're crying.
JERRY: This is horrible! I care!
JERRY: Patty won't call me back. I don't know if I can live without her.
KRAMER: She's really gotten to you, hasn't she?
JERRY: I don't know what's happening to me.
KRAMER: Simple. You let out one emotion, all the rest will come with it. It's like Endora's box.
JERRY: That was the mother on Bewitched. You mean Pandora.
KRAMER: Yeah, well, she... had one, too. (George enters)
GEORGE: Jerry, can I talk to you for a second? (They enter Jerry's apartment)
KRAMER: (Baseball flies at Kramer and hits him) That's it, that's it! I warned you kids. I told you not to play in front of my house. This time, I'm keepin' it. And you're not getting back your rock either!
GEORGE: (hearing Jerry broke up with Patty) Are you still down in the dumps? Come on. It's just a chick.
JERRY: You ever heard of a little thing called feelings?
GEORGE: Well, I got just the thing to cheer you up. A computer! Huh? We can check porn, and stock quotes.
JERRY: Porn quotes... I'm so lucky to have a friend like you, George. Ever tell you how much I love you?
GEORGE: What?
JERRY: I love you, George. Come here.
GEORGE: I-I'm already here. I'm here. I'm here. Uh, you know what? If you want a computer, call me. I-I gotta go.
JERRY: Go wherever you want. I'm still gonna love you.
[Jerry's Apartment; Later]
KRAMER: Look what they did. Look what they did to my house! I turn my back for two seconds, and they put shaving cream all over my door. You, I see you! I'll teach these kids a lesson. Where's that house I put under your sink?
JERRY: Hose under my sink. I love *you*, Kramer!
KRAMER: I love you, too, buddy, and George--
GEORGE: I don't want to hear it, Kramer!
KRAMER: Listen, when I give you the signal, I want you to turn this water on full blast.
GEORGE: What signal? What-what signal?
KRAMER: I'll yell, uh, 'Hoochie mama!'
GEORGE: If I do it, will you buy a computer?
KRAMER: On the signal, George. On the signal.
GEORGE: Only if you buy. I gotta make a sale.
JERRY: I love you, Costanza.
GEORGE: Will you shut up?!
KRAMER: Now! Now, George! Turn on the faucet! George, turn on the faucet! Hoochie mama! Hoochie mama! Hoochie mamamaaaaa!
[Cab; Elaine and George]
ELAINE: So now the *other* Lippman kissed me.
GEORGE: Well, sure. They're Jewish, and you're a shiksa.
ELAINE: What?
GEORGE: It means a non-Jewish woman.
ELAINE: I know what it means, but what does being a shiksa have to do with it?
GEORGE: You've got 'shiksappeal'. Jewish men love the idea of meeting a woman that's not like their mother.
ELAINE: Oh, that's insane.
GEORGE: I'll tell you what's insane: the price that I could get you on a new desktop computer.
ELAINE: I am not buying a computer from you.
GEORGE: There's porn.
ELAINE: (Pausing) Even so.
GEORGE: Damn it!
[Lippman's House]
ELAINE: Don't get me wrong, Mr. Lippman. I-I'm very flattered that you found me attractive enough to... lunge at me. Huh. But the only reason you like me is because I'm a shiksa.
LIPPMAN: That's simply not true.
ELAINE: If you weren't Jewish, you wouldn't be interested in me.
LIPPMAN: You are wrong. I'll prove it.
ELAINE: Oh, no. Don't!
LIPPMAN: I renounce Judaism!
ELAINE: Oy vey!
[Jerry's Apartment]
JERRY: What happened to you, pal?
KRAMER: Joey Zanfino and some of the neighborhood kids. They ambushed me with a box of 'Grade A's.
JERRY: Are you all right?
KRAMER: Oh, no. I'm fine. Serenity now. Serenity now. Serenity now.
JERRY: So, you're using Frank's relaxation method?
KRAMER: (Trying to open a back of chips) Jerry, the anger, it just melts right off. Serenity now. Look at this. Serenity now!
ELAINE: (Enters) Hey, what happened to you?
KRAMER: Serenity! (He exits)
ELAINE: Well. You are not gonna believe this. Now Lippman is renounced. This shiksa thing is *totally* out of control. What is *with* you people? What are you looking at?
JERRY: Sit down, Elaine.
ELAINE: Oh, no. Jerry, I can't take any more gentle sobbing.
JERRY: I've been thinking about what it means to be complete.
ELAINE: Do you have an apple or anything?
JERRY: Look at us, hurtling through space on this big, blue marble.
ELAINE: Or a nectarine? I would absolutely love a nectarine.
JERRY: Looking everywhere for some kind of meaning...
ELAINE: Why am I in such a fruit mood? Ahh, banana!
JERRY: When all the while, the real secret to happiness has been right in front of us!
ELAINE: What?
JERRY: Elaine...
GEORGE: (Entering Jerry's apartment with a cartload of computers) Jerry, I've found a way to beat Lloyd Braun! I buy the computers myself, I store 'em in your apartment. Then, after I win the contest, I bring 'em all back and get my money back. Ha ha! It's brilliant. What? What's wrong with your leg?
JERRY: I'm asking Elaine to marry me.
GEORGE: (Leaving) I'll store these over at Kramer's apartment.
JERRY: Elaine?
ELAINE: Uhh, Jerry, I've got a lot goin' on with, uh, Lippman right now.
JERRY: Lippman?
ELAINE: (Trying to get her bag to leave) Yeah, and him too. What?! Oh, yeah! I think George is calling me, so I'm gonna go give him a hand. Come on! Come on!
JERRY: Can I help you?
ELAINE: No. Stay! Stay. Stay.
[Costanzas' Garage]
FRANK: Hey, Braun, Costanza's kicking your butt!
GEORGE: (using the phone) Watch how it's done. Oh, hello, Mr. Vandelay? Would you like to buy a computer? Oh, really? Two dozen?
FRANK: Costanza, you're white hot!
PHONE: If you'd like to make a call, please hang up and--
FRANK: Hey, Braun, I got good news and bad news. And they're both the same: you're fired. Costanza, you've won the water pik!
ESTELLE: You're not gonna give away that water pik!
FRANK: You wanna bet? Serenity now, serenity now!
LLOYD: You know, you should tell your dad that 'serenity now' thing doesn't work. It just bottles up the anger, and eventually, you blow.
GEORGE: What do you know? You were in the nut house.
LLOYD: What do you think put me there?
GEORGE: I heard they found a family in your freezer
LLOYD: Serenity now. Insanity later.
[Hallway in to Jerry's Apartment]
JERRY: What happened here, Kramer?
KRAMER: Serenity now, serenity now...
JERRY: Kramer!
KRAMER: Geez! Jerry, I didn't here you come in. Yeah, the children, they've done sum redecorating. Serenity now, serenity now.
JERRY: You don't look well.
KRAMER: Well, that's odd, 'cause I feel perfectly at peace with the world- uh! eggs! you! Serenity now, serenity now, serenity now.
JERRY: Oh, I'm sorry. Look at me, I stepped on your last rose.
KRAMER: (going into his apartment) Jerry, come on. Don't get upset about it. There's always next spring. Now will you excuse me for a moment. Serenity nooooooooww!
GEORGE: Jerry! I did it! Haha! I beat Braun!
KRAMER: (crashing and banging in his apartment) Serenity now!
GEORGE: Come on, wanna give me a hand with the computers?
KRAMER: (Crashing and banging around) Serenity nooooowwwww!
[Jerry's Apartment]
GEORGE: Why couldn't you squeeze one of those stupid rubber balls to get your stress out? Why did you have to destroy *twenty-five* computers?
KRAMER: (Leaving) George, you listen to me. I owe ya one.
JERRY: He's incorrigible. You want to talk about it?
GEORGE: Oh, please don't tell me you love me again, Jerry, I can't handle it.
JERRY: George, letting my emotions out was the best thing I've ever done. Sure I'm not funny anymore, but there's more to life than making shallow, fairly-obvious observations. How about you?
GEORGE: All right... here goes...
[Rabbi's Office]
ELAINE: Rabbi, is there anything I can do to combat this Shiks-appeal?
RABBI: Ha! Elaine, shiks-appeal is a myth, like the Yeti, or his North American cousin, the Sasquatch.
ELAINE: Well, something's goin' on here, 'cause every able-bodied Israelite in the county is driving pretty strong to the hoop.
RABBI: Elaine, there's much you don't understand about the Jewish religion. For example, did you know that rabbis are allowed to date?
ELAINE: (About to leave) Well, what does that have to do...?
RABBI: You know, a member of my congregation has a timeshare in Myrtle Beach. Perhaps, if you're not too busy, we could wing on down after the High Holidays? Elaine? 'Lainie?
[Jerry's Apartment]
GEORGE: So, that's it. All of my darkest fears, and... everything I'm capable of. That's me.
JERRY: Yikes. Well, good look with all that.
GEORGE: Where you going? I-I thought I could count on you for a little compassion.
JERRY: I think you scared me straight.
ELAINE: All right, Jerome, I'm in.
JERRY: What?
ELAINE: Maybe we should get married. Maybe everything we need is right here in front of us. Jer... let's do it.
JERRY: I tell ya, I don't see it happening.
ELAINE: What? What happened to the new Jerry?
JERRY: He doesn't work here anymore.
ELAINE: Oh, well that's just *great!*
GEORGE: I love you, Jerry.
JERRY: (Leaving) Right back at ya, Slick.
GEORGE: You know, all these years, I've always wanted to see the two of you get back together.
ELAINE: Well, that's because you're an idiot.
[Costanzas' Garage]
FRANK: You single-handedly brought Costanza and Son to the brink of bankruptcy.
GEORGE: Well what about all the Lloyd Braun sales?
FRANK: He's crazy. His phone wasn't even hooked up. He just liked ringing that bell.
ESTELLE: I told you to clean out this garage. I have to put my car in!
FRANK: This is a place of business. I told you never to come in here. Serenity now!
ESTELLE: All right...
GEORGE: Dad, you really should lay off the 'serenity now' stuff.
FRANK: So, what am I supposed to say?
GEORGE: 'Hoochie mama'?
ESTELLE: Move your crap, I'm comin' in!
FRANK: No you're not! Hoochie mama! Hoochie mama!
[Jerry's Apartment, 5A. Morty and Helen are packing suitcases.]
JERRY: Are you sure you can't stay longer?
MORTY: No, we just came for the funeral. `
HELEN: Poor Marvin Kessler, he went too early.
JERRY: He was 96 years old.
MORTY: That had nothing to do with it, the man was out of shape.
HELEN: That's why we joined a program. We walk once around the block three times a week.
MORTY: And every morning I eat a plum.
JERRY: Well, what ever you do, you're wearing me out.
HELEN: What about you?
MORTY: Yeah, looks like you're getting a little spare tire there, tiger.
JERRY: Really?
(Kramer comes in)
KRAMER: Hey, Seinfelds!
MORTY: Hey, Mr. Kramer!
KRAMER: How long are you staying?
HELEN: We just came down for a funeral.
KRAMER: Oh yeah, yeah I heard, Marvin Kessler. Boy, that makes you think. If he could go...
HELEN: See you downstairs with the car.
JERRY: Are you sure you don't need a hand with that?
MORTY: No no, the luggage is on the program. I got a brick in here.
(Morty and Helen leave. Kramer pulls out a band aid from his arm.)
JERRY: Did you give blood?
KRAMER: No, not giving. hoarding. I'm storing it in to a blood bank. Just in case.
JERRY: In case of what?
KRAMER: Jerry, I know myself. If I'm out on the street and it's starts to go down, I don't back off until it's finished.
JERRY: Are we finished?
KRAMER: Done.
[Elaine is visiting her friend Vivian.]
VIVIAN: Elaine, I'm so glad you came out.
ELAINE: Yeah...
VIVIAN: You haven't seen Jimmy for years.
ELAINE: I know, I'm glad I got to see him before he hit puberty and got, you know all lurchy and awkward.
VIVIAN: Actually, I'm gonna need someone to look after him tomorrow evening.
ELAINE: Tomorrow evening, sure.
VIVIAN: Do you know anyone responsible?
ELAINE: Do I know anyone??
VIVIAN: Well, if you think of anybody, give me a call.
[George is with his girlfriend Tara. She is lighting a candle.]
GEORGE: What are you doing?
TARA: Incense, for the mood.
GEORGE: Oh yes, by no means, the mood. Let me know if there's anything I can do to lend support to the mood.
(Takes of his shoes and smells the candle.)
GEORGE: Um, cream soda?
TARA: Vanilla.
[Monk's Cafe. Jerry and Elaine.]
ELAINE: Can you believe that, Vivian doesn't think I'm responsible?
JERRY: Who wants to responsible? When ever anything goes wrong, the first thing they ask is: who's responsible for this?
ELAINE: I couldn't raise a kid? Come on, I love bossing people around.
(George comes to the table and starts eating Jerry's fries.)
JERRY: What happened, I thought you were with Tara tonight?
GEORGE: I was, I had to leave. She lit some vanilla incenses. The smell drove me nuts, all I could think about was food, I had to get out of there. We need some pudding here! Pudding!
ELAINE: You just left? What did you tell her?
GEORGE: I told I had a bus transfer that was only good just for another hour.
JERRY: What?
GEORGE: I don't know, I was starving Jerry!
(Waitress bring pudding to George.)
GEORGE: Oh, pudding! You want some?
JERRY: Hey, you guys think I'm getting a little...chunky?
GEORGE: What are you kidding? We look great! You know what this pudding needs? The skin on the top, you know like your mother used to make it on the stove.
JERRY: Elaine, what do you think?
ELAINE: I think you're getting a little pudding under the skin yourself.
[Kramer is at the County Blood Bank.]
KRAMER: My service rates went up? You banks are all the same with your hidden fees and your service charges. Well, maybe I'll just take my blood elsewhere, yeah.
BANK EMPLOYEE: Well, we can transfer to another bank for you.
KRAMER: Oh, no no no...no more banks. I'm keeping my blood in my freezer with...my money!
[George and Tara]
GEORGE: So eh, what do you say?
TARA: I guess we could use some food in our lovemaking.
GEORGE: Ok, we got your...got your strawberries, your chocolate sauce, your pastrami on rye with mustard, your honey...
TARA: Wait wait wait, pastrami on rye with mustard?
GEORGE: Oh yeah yeah, don't you know they used pastrami in that movie 9? weeks? Remember the pastrami scene?
TARA: No.
GEORGE: Well, maybe it was Ghostbusters? Where ever it was, it worked!
(George takes a big bite and charges on to Tara.)
[Monk's Cafe, Jerry and George.]
JERRY: Didn't go for it, huh?
GEORGE: No.
JERRY: So, she didn't appreciate the erotic qualities of the salted cured meats?
GEORGE: She tolerated the strawberries and the chocolate sauce, but eh, it's not a meal, you know? Food and sex, those are my two passions. It's only natural to combine them.
JERRY: Natural? Sex is about love between a man and a woman, not a man and a sandwich.
GEORGE: Jerry, I'm not suggesting getting rid of the girl. She's integral.
JERRY: Maybe instead of trying to satisfy two of your needs, how about satisfying one of somebody else's.
GEORGE: Hey, speaking of which, I found a great way to separate the skin from the top of the pudding without leaving any around the edges; Exacto knife.
JERRY: I told you George, no more pudding. I'm starting a purification program. Keep all that kind of food away from me.
GEORGE: Well, I guess these would be out of the question. (pulls out two pudding skins in plastic bags.)
JERRY: What the hell is that?
GEORGE: Pudding skin singles.
5A, Kramer and Jerry.]
KRAMER: Hey buddy, I'm borrowing all your Tupperware.
JERRY: Oh, why?
KRAMER: I closed down my account at the blood bank.
JERRY: What, it...it's here in the building?
KRAMER: Right across the hall. What, you wanna go see?
JERRY: No I don't! In fact, if even one corpuscles of that blood should find it's way across that hall I will freak out on you Kramer! Freak out.
KRAMER: You know, for a fat guy you're not very jolly.
(Elaine comes in.)
ELAINE: Hey, working out?
JERRY: You know it and I ditched all my junk food.
(Kramer looks to the fridge.)
KRAMER: What the heck is going on here?
JERRY: Sorry buddy, clean house. It's all health food.
KRAMER: Well, I may have to take it, but I don't have to like it.
ELAINE: Vivian left me a message. I guess a certain someone changed her mind about whether someone was responsible enough to watch certain other someone.
JERRY: Is this about me?
ELAINE: No.
JERRY: Oh, then I lost interest.
(Elaine calls on the phone.)
ELAINE: Vivian, hi it's Elaine. Yeah, I'm over at Jerry's, I got your message...What? Yeah, he's right here, hold on...(hands the phone to Kramer.)
KRAMER: For me? Go...Yeah, what tonight? Yeah, I'll be there...Yeah later. (puts the phone down) Well, somebody's baby-sitting.
ELAINE: You? I'm more responsible than you are!
KRAMER: Don't be ridiculous. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go to fill my freezer with my own blood.
[George is in bed with Tara. He reaches to the drawer for some sandwich.]
GEORGE: Oh, Tara!
[Kramer comes to the Vivian's house and bangs the screen door.]
KRAMER: Hello, Vivian! Oh, this is a nice screen.
(Elaine comes and taps him on the back.)
ELAINE: Kramer...
KRAMER: Don't take my money!
ELAINE: It is me, you idiot. Hi, all right you've got to get out of here, I'm gonna baby-sit the hell out of that kid.
KRAMER: No, I'm the baby-sitter.
ELAINE: No no no, you're out, I'm in. Now, hit the road.
(Vivian comes to open the door and Elaine pushes Kramer off the porch.)
VIVIAN: Elaine? What are you doing here?
ELAINE: Kramer is actually sleeping one off, so I thought that I'd help out...(Kramer moans from the bushes) what's that, some raccoon or something...(hits Kramer with a broom.)
VIVIAN: Well, I guess this would be all right. Jimmy, you remember Elaine? She's gonna watch you tonight.
ELAINE: Hi Jimmy. (Jimmy kicks Elaine to the shin.) Ouch! (The screen door hits her in the head.)
5A, Kramer and Jerry.]
JERRY: Hey, what are you doing here? I thought you were baby-sitting at Vivian's.
KRAMER: There was an incident.
JERRY: Oh no, where's the blood? (opens the fridge) It's in here isn't it?
KRAMER: Would you stop it.
JERRY: What is this?
KRAMER: It's Jell-O.
JERRY: What about this? This is blood isn't it?!
KRAMER: This is tomato juice, look...(drinks from the bottle.)
JERRY: Ooh, you're sick! You're sick!!
KRAMER: Will you calm down. I took all my blood down to Newman's. He let me put it in his meat freezer.
JERRY: Hey, what's going on? Who made pudding?
KRAMER: Oh yeah yeah, George he came by and made more of those pudding skin singles. They're delicious.
JERRY: Damn that George, I told him I don't want this stuff around here anymore...
(Jerry hits a spatula on the table and one Exacto knife flies through the air.)
KRAMER: Heads up!
JERRY: Aaah...
[Elaine is on the baby-sitting gig and Jimmy is shooting her with a toy gun.]
JIMMY: You're dead, president Lincoln! You're dead!
ELAINE: I wish I was dead.
JIMMY: Can I have your juice?
ELAINE: As long as you don't put...
(Jimmy pours the juice to Elaine's bag.)
ELAINE: Thanks for the re-fill.
(Jimmy runs laughing from the room and Vivian comes in.)
VIVIAN: Hey, Elaine! How did it go?
ELAINE: Oh, he's...he's a joy...
VIVIAN: Really? Some sitter have told me he's bit of a handful.
ELAINE: Oh, handful of sunshine. I wish I could do this every day.
VIVIAN: Oh Elaine, that's so good to hear. I've been having a few health problems lately.
ELAINE: It's not serious, is it?
VIVIAN: Well, it might be. Just in case anything does happen, it's nice to know there's somebody like you around.
ELAINE: Oh yeah, that eh...that is nice to know. (Pours the juice from the bag back to glass.)
[Jerry wakes up at the hospital. Kramer is staring at him up close.]
JERRY: Aah!
KRAMER: It's ok, Jerry. I'm right here.
JERRY: I can see that! What happened?
KRAMER: That knife, it nicked your jugular. You know Jerry, when somebody yells 'heads up', you're not supposed to actually look up.
JERRY: I'll remember that.
KRAMER: Anyway, you were lucky that I was there. You lost a lot of blood.
JERRY: What?
KRAMER: Oh yeah, you've got three pints of Kramer in you, buddy.
(Jerry starts screaming and Kramer joins him.)
[Monk's Cafe. Jerry and George.]
GEORGE: Three pints of Kramer's blood?
JERRY: I can feel his blood inside of me. Borrowing things from my blood.
GEORGE: Well, so much for purification week.
JERRY: So, how's the fornicating gourmet?
GEORGE: Doing quite well, thank you. Yesterday I had a soft boiled egg and a quickie. You know what? If I could add TV to the equation, that would really be the ultimate.
JERRY: George, we're trying to have a civilization here.
(Elaine comes in.)
ELAINE: Hey.
JERRY: Hey, how was baby-sitting?
ELAINE: Oh, just great. I found out that Vivian has some kind of medical problem and if the worst happens she wants me to take care of Jimmy.
JERRY: Oh, I'm sure it won't be the worst.
ELAINE: It doesn't matter. If anything happens to her, I'm on deck! Scissors mishap, air show disaster, chinese organ thieves...it's a dangerous world.
GEORGE: She's right, I heard Kramer got mugged out on the suburbs on a baby-sitting gig.
JERRY: Really?
[5A, Kramer and Jerry.]
KRAMER: Look at this, look at the hair on the back of my neck. It's all bramble, see it's like thicket back there. Look, I need somebody to shave it for me, huh?
JERRY: I'm not touching that thing.
KRAMER: Well, I have to say I'm very surprised and disappointed - blood brother.
JERRY: Oh, no...
KRAMER: What? Jerry, I gave you my blood. Listen to your pulse, (takes Jerry hand) hey buddy-hey buddy-hey buddy...
JERRY: Kramer, I'm not shaving your neck.
KRAMER: So, my blood is not enough. Would you like a kidney too, because I'll give it to you? I'll rip it out right here and stack it on the table!
JERRY: All right, all right I'll do it, sit down.
KRAMER: No no no, I don't have time right now. I'll catch you tonight, we'll do sort of an all over kind of thing, all right?
(Kramer leaves. Jerry phone rings and he answers.)
JERRY: Hello?
(It's Helen and Morty.)
HELEN: Kramer called, he told that you were in a hospital.
JERRY: Kramer called you?
HELEN: He calls every week. Are you all right?
JERRY: Yes, I'm fine.
HELEN: He says he's fine.
MORTY: Tell him to eat a plum.
HELEN: Jerry, you really have to take better care of yourself. We bought you some session with a personal trainer.
JERRY: I don't need a personal trainer. (Kramer comes in) all right I've got to go, we'll talk about this later.
MORTY: Plum...(Jerry hangs up.)
JERRY: Why are you calling my parents?
KRAMER: Well, maybe if you called more often, I wouldn't have to. Listen, is it all right if I watch a tape in here?
JERRY: Why here?
KRAMER: Well, I'm taping Canadian Parliament, you know on C-Span.
JERRY: Ok...
KRAMER: Is it all right if I watch it in your bedroom, cause your bed is really nice?
JERRY: Fine...
KRAMER: Ok!
(Newman runs in with two boxes of popcorn.)
JERRY: No no no no no no no no no no! I do not want that in here!
KRAMER: Blood!
JERRY: All right.
(Knock on the door. Jerry opens and it's Izzy Mandelbaum.)
IZZY: Hello, dough boy.
JERRY: Mr. Mandelbaum? You're the personal trainer?
IZZY: I'm here to whip you in to shape, so grab your jocks - if you need one. It's go-time.
[Elaine is on another baby-sitting gig at Vivian's. Vivian comes in and Elaine is sleeping on the couch, smoking a cigar.]
VIVIAN: Elaine? Elaine?
ELAINE: Oh, hi, oh God. I didn't here you come in.
VIVIAN: Where's Jimmy?
ELAINE: I don't know, I don't know...we had HoHos for dinner and then eh...and then he put this plastic bag over his head and started running around until he got tired and then he laid down somewhere I...I tell you I'm no good watching that kid.
VIVIAN: Sleeping like an angel. Elaine, you're the best.
ELAINE: No! I'm a scatter brain. That's why I probably can't hold a job or keep a man!
VIVIAN: Be quiet. So, will you watch Jimmy tomorrow?
ELAINE: All right, but I'm running out of purses here. (takes her purse from a punch ball.)
[The Gladiator Gym. Jerry and Mr. Mandelbaum.]
JERRY: Ok Mr. Mandelbaum, what you want me to do?
IZZY: Don't get puss honey, and pick up that medicine ball.
JERRY: Is this a gym, or some kind of fitness museum?
IZZY: Not funny, over your head with it. Are you ready?
JERRY: For what?
IZZY: All aboard in the pain train!
(Izzy starts hitting Jerry's stomach with weak taps.)
JERRY: How many session did my parents paid for?
IZZY: Not enough to make a man of you, daffodil.
[George and Tara are in bed. George reaches out for a sandwich]
GEORGE: Oohoho...spicy mustard...woohoho, you're hot tonight!
TARA: Oh, George!
GEORGE: And now for the trifecta. (Picks up a hand held TV and gets back under the covers.)
TARA: George? George? What are you doing?! (Pulls the covers off. George is eating a sandwich and watching TV.)
GEORGE: Pleasuring you?
[5A. Kramer and Newman are making sausages. Tape recorder plays Jackie Davis: Manana. Jerry comes in.]
JERRY: What is this?
KRAMER: We're making sausages.
(Jerry stops the tape.)
JERRY: I thought you were gonna watch a video.
KRAMER: Yeah, an instructional video about how to make your own sausages.
JERRY: Kramer, I'm not in a mood for this.
KRAMER: All right, all right. Newman, let's go grab some mail sacks and haul these beauties out of here.
(Kramer starts the tape again and he and Newman leave.)
JERRY: Blood over there, sausages over here. I'm living in a slaughter house.
(Izzy Mandelbaum comes in with a plywood plate.)
IZZY: Tonight I want you to sleep on this. Toughens the vertebrae. (Looks at the sausages) What in holy hell? Sausages? Is this your diet?
JERRY: No they're not mine Mr. Mandelbaum...
IZZY: Don't lie to me, butter bean. We're taking it up a notch.
[Monk's Cafe. Jerry and George.]
JERRY: So, the free love buffet is over?
GEORGE: I got greedy. Flew too close to the sun on wings of pastrami.
JERRY: Yeah, that's what you did...I can't believe I got another session with Izzy Mandelbaum, he's probably makes me box a kangaroo.
(George eats a sandwich and gets flustered.)
JERRY: What's going on?
GEORGE: I don't know. This sandwich is making me flush.
JERRY: Oh no, I'll tell you what you did Caligula; you combined food and sex in to one disgusting uncontrollable urge.
GEORGE: I think you're right. You gonna eat that?
JERRY: No, but please tell me that's all you're gonna do with it.
(Elaine comes in)
ELAINE: Jerry, I tell you; if this woman dies, it is going to be a major inconvenience.
GEORGE: These fries are really really good...
JERRY: All right, that's enough of that. (Jerry takes the plates and hands them to a waitress.)
ELAINE: I mean I can't shake this woman. You know, now I have to go to Jimmy's birthday party.
GEORGE: Uuh, sleepy.
ELAINE: No matter what I do, I cannot weasel out of raising this kid.
JERRY: Well, sleepy here is quite a weasel, maybe he can bat for you.
ELAINE: Yeah, that's what I need; a pinch weasel.
(Kramer comes in.)
KRAMER: Why did you get rid of that sausage?
JERRY: It wasn't me, it was Mr. Mandelbaum.
KRAMER: Yeah well, Newman's not happy, he booted me out of his freezer. Look, I've got to take my blood back to the bank, can I borrow your car?
JERRY: What's wrong with yours?
KRAMER: I got no A/C and I gotta keep the blood cold or it'll go bad.
JERRY: All right, but this is it, this is the last favor, we're even!
KRAMER: All right, Even Steven. Oh, by the way, when you get back to your apartment try to keep it down because Newman is taking a nap in your bed.
[Jerry's car. Kramer is taking the blood to the bank. Manaja song is playing. Kramer looks at the car's thermometer and it gets on hot.]
KRAMER: Oh, man...(looks to the glove compartment for a manual.) "If the engine begins to overheat, turn off air conditioner". Never, I can't do that.
(Engine begins to smoke.)
KRAMER: Oh, mama...
(Kramer stops and opens the hood.)
KRAMER: Shees, come on...(opens the radiator)..this thing is bone dry. (Looks at the blood.)
[Elaine is visiting Vivian.]
ELAINE: Vivian...
VIVIAN: Elaine!
ELAINE: Hi! This is my friend George.
VIVIAN: Hi...
ELAINE: I'm gonna go say hi to Jimmy.
VIVIAN: Ok.
ELAINE: (whispering to George) You're up.
VIVIAN: Oh, isn't Elaine fantastic?
GEORGE: Yes she is. It's a pity we won't be seeing much more of her.
VIVIAN: Really, why?
GEORGE: Oh, you haven't heard, she's going to live with her grandparents in Redding Pennsylvania.
VIVIAN: Her grandparent passed away five years ago.
GEORGE: Yes they did. I was covering. Elaine has been deported back to Scotland.
VIVIAN: She's American citizen, I have seen her passport.
GEORGE: All right, no more lies. Elaine is been chosen to represent the Upper West Side in the next Biosphere project.
VIVIAN: I haven't heard anything about another Biosphere.
GEORGE: That's because it's underwater.
VIVIAN: This is insane.
GEORGE: Is it?
VIVIAN: Yes it it.
GEORGE: Well, it's all for charity, so what's the difference.
(Oven pings)
VIVIAN: You...very knowledgeable.
GEORGE: Well, I'm also an architect. Is that pastrami?
VIVIAN: Yes it is. I find the pastrami to be the most sensual of all the salted cured meats. Hungry?
GEORGE: Very.
(They kiss and fall down to the floor.)
VIVIAN: Oh, wait...(Vivian turns the TV on.) Oohh...
GEORGE: Vivian!!
[Jerry's has belt and it's connected to the car with a rope. Izzy and Izzy Jr. are in the car.]
JERRY: Is this really necessary?
IZZY: If you wanna live in a butcher shop, I'm gonna treat you like a piece of meat.
JERRY: What if I can't keep up?
IZZY: You lie, you dry. Fire it up, son.
IZZY JR.: Right dad, Mandelbaum, Mandelbaum...
IZZY & IZZY JR.: Mandelbaum, Mandelbaum...(Izzy Jr. drives ahead, but the car starts jerking)
IZZY: Move it, move it! Get those knees up! Come on, kick it, kick it!
JERRY: What's going on?
IZZY JR.: There's something wrong with your car. It's dripping something on my feet. Some kind of red liquid.
JERRY: Oh my God, the blood!
IZZY JR.: Blood!!
(Izzy Jr. floors the gas pedal and Jerry falls down.)
IZZY: Get up boy, get up! We got a problem here! Tough it up. This is for real, you've got to want it...
[Jerry and Elaine in a hospital.]
ELAINE: So how long did they drag you?
JERRY: Well, for the first quarter mile they thought that I was just doggin' it.
(George and Jimmy come in)
ELAINE: Hi George. Hi Jimmy.
GEORGE: Yeah, Jimmy why don't you wait outside, you know, play with something.
(Jimmy kicks George in to the shin.)
GEORGE: Ouch!
JERRY: What's the kid doing here?
GEORGE: I'm baby-sitting! Vivian asked me to raise him if she doesn't make it.
JERRY: Oh, that's a drag...
(Kramer comes in.)
KRAMER: That kid...
JERRY: You put blood in the car?!
KRAMER: Jerry, it was overheating. You should take better care of that thing.
JERRY: Well, they told me that I got more blood, so I guess I owe you again.
KRAMER: You didn't get the blood from me.
JERRY: Then who?
(Newman comes in and he has band aid in his arm.)
NEWMAN: Hello Jerry.
JERRY: Aaaaahhh...!!!
JERRY & KRAMER: Aaaahhh...!!!
JERRY, KRAMER & NEWMAN: Aaaaahhh...!!!
[Jerry's Apartment]
JERRY: (on the phone) Yeah. Yeah. All right. Uh-huh.
GEORGE: (knocking on the counter and feigning a muffled, Chinese voice) Chinese food!
JERRY: (hanging up the phone) Oh! There's my Chinese food, I gotta run. All you.
GEORGE: Who was it?
JERRY: I did a show for a car dealership and they're getting me a new SAAB.
GEORGE: What about your old car? They couldn't get Kramer's blood out of it?
JERRY: No, the engine clotted. You know who set this whole thing up for me? Frank Merman.
GEORGE: Fragile Frankie Merman? I never liked that guy.
JERRY: Why? He's harmless.
GEORGE: Every summer you guys went to camp together. I was jealous. Felt like he was the summer me.
JERRY: He was not the summer you. Besides, you had a summer me. Whitey Fisk, the guy who snuck you into Last Tango in Paris.
GEORGE: I made him up.
JERRY: So you never saw Last Tango in Paris?
GEORGE: No.
JERRY: Too bad. It was erotic.
KRAMER: (enters) Well... I've had it with these jackbooted thugs!
JERRY: 'Pottery Barn'?
KRAMER: I got three 'Pottery Barn' catalogs in one day. That makes eight this month.
GEORGE: (holding a magazine cover) Mira Sorvino. Think she'd go out with me?
JERRY: Why don't you just throw 'em out?
KRAMER: Oh, no. I've been saving them up here in your apartment. And now, it's payback time. 'Pottery Barn' is in for a world of hurt.
JERRY: (taking a catalog) Can I have one? I need one of those old-looking phones. So you wanna grab a bite?
GEORGE: I can't. I gotta make the weekly call to the folks.
JERRY: So call now.
GEORGE: I gotta prep. I need a couple of anecdotes, a few you-were-right-abouts. It's a whole procedure. Wasn't Fragile Frankie the one that used to run into the woods every time he got upset?
JERRY: That's him.
GEORGE: Is he still nuts?
JERRY: What do you think? They gave me a new car for thirty minutes of 'So, who's from out of town?'
[Monk's]
PUDDY: (finishing eating) Seriously, is this the best okra you've ever had, or what?
ELAINE: Mmm. De-lish.
PUDDY: Delish?
ELAINE: Delish. You know, short for delicious.
PUDDY: Oh, like scrump.
ELAINE: Yeah.
PUDDY: (leaving) I'm gonna be late. See ya later.
JACK: Excuse me, can I borrow your ketchup?
ELAINE: (passing him the ketchup) Oh, sure.
JACK: Thank you.
(Heraldic harp sounds as Elaine looks at Jack's face)
[George at his Apartment calling his folks]
ESTELLE: (answering the phone) Hello?
GEORGE: Hey, it's Georgie.
ESTELLE: Let me put your father on the phone.
GEORGE: Ma!
FRANK: Who is this?
GEORGE: Dad, it's me. Hey, listen, I was at Fortunoff's the other day, and, you know what, you were right.
ESTELLE: (feigning a Chinese, muffled voice) Chinese food.
FRANK: (hanging up) Sorry, George, our Chinese food just came. Talk to you later.
GEORGE: Chinese food?
[Outside The Pottery Barn]
KRAMER: (throwing his catalogs in the Pottery Barn store) Hey, you like sending out catalogs!? How do you like gettin' 'em back!?
[Jerry's Apartment]
JERRY: So, maybe they had Chinese food?
GEORGE: After dark? Please. At their age, that's like swallowing stun grenades.
JERRY: Well, there's one way to check. Where there's Chinese food, there's leftovers.
ELAINE: (enters) Well, gentlemen. Lainie is... in love.
GEORGE: That's dynamite. Yeah, I'll look for the Chinese food leftovers.
ELAINE: Hey, hey, hey! I met this guy! And it was like this, totally unreal, fairy tale moment.
JERRY: It wasn't Whitey Fisk, was it?
ELAINE: Oh, George's friend. Whatever happened to him?
GEORGE: Nothing. Uh, I don't know. I gotta go.
JERRY: So, this is beautiful. You, and Puddy, and this new guy, in a big pot of love stew.
ELAINE: Oh, yeah... Puddy. Well, I won't fire him until I see if this new guy can... handle the workload.
KRAMER: (entering Jerry's apartment) Will you look at this? More catalogs! 'Omaha Steaks', 'Mac Warehouse', 'Newsweek'?! I can't stop all these companies, so, I'm gonna attack this problem at the choke point.
JERRY: Stop the mail?
KRAMER: That's... even better!
[The Street]
FRANKIE: Jerry!
JERRY: Hey, Frankie! So, where's the car?
FRANKIE: This is it.
JERRY: Inside the van?
FRANKIE: It is the van! Don't you remember, we always talked about how cool it would be to have a van and just drive?
JERRY: We were ten.
FRANKIE: Come on. Let's take it for a spin.
JERRY: I don't want a van.
ELAINE: Well, just tell him you want the SAAB.
JERRY: You don't understand. This is Fragile Frankie Merman. When we were in camp, if you upset him, he'd run out to the woods, dig a hole, and sit in it.
ELAINE: Well, I have an idea. Keep the van, and get a bumper sticker that says, 'If this vans a-rockin', don't come a-knockin'.'
JERRY: Always helpful.
[Costanza House]
ESTELLE: Oh, Georgie, what are you doing here?
GEORGE: Just dropped in for a visit. You, uh, you never called me back.
ESTELLE: Uh... the phone broke.
FRANK: Well, we got to get moving.
GEORGE: What? Where are you going?
FRANK: We have a catered affair.
GEORGE: You're going like that?
FRANK: (leaving the kitchen) It's creative black tie. Move, woman.
GEORGE: (checking the fridge) No Chinese leftovers. George is gettin' suspicious.
[Monk's]
JACK: Elaine, I'm sorry I'm late.
(Heraldic harp sounds as Elaine looks at Jack's face)
JACK: I'm gonna be in the can.
ELAINE: Okay, Jack. (to the cashier) Can I use your phone?
CASHIER (Ruthie Cohen): Sure.
Elaine: (over the phone) Puddy? It's Elaine. We're through. Yeah, that's right. Again.
[In Jerry's Van]
FRANKIE: (in the van with Jerry) Nice captain's chairs, huh?
JERRY: Aye, aye.
FRANKIE: Oh, there's a spot. Just back up.
(Large-vehicle reverse beeping starts)
JERRY: Hold on. There must be a truck backing up.
FRANKIE: No, that's us.
JERRY: Great. You know, Frankie, I was wondering. What if I decided that it's silly to drive a van, because, you know, I live in New York City. Is there maybe some way I could exchange it?
FRANKIE: You don't like the van?
JERRY: No, no, no. Just hypothetically.
FRANKIE: I gotta go to the park.
JERRY: No! No, you don't! No woods. I love the van. I'm a van guy.
[Jerry & Kramer's Building Lobby]
KRAMER: (showing Jerry his mailbox) Check it out. Rain and sleet may not stop them, but let's see them get by... these bricks.
JERRY: Where'd you get the bricks?
KRAMER: Jerry, the whole building is brick.
JERRY: So you want to take a ride with me out to Jersey? I'm gonna try to sell the van to a lot.
KRAMER: A dealer? Are you insane? No, take out an ad. Sell it privately.
JERRY: I don't think I want to meet the people that are in the market for a used van.
[Back to Jerry's Apartment]
KRAMER: Come on, Jerry, just let me help you.
JERRY: OK.
KRAMER: All right! OK! Right, here we go. Yeah. OK, so... 'For sale. A big, juicy van.' And, ooh, you gotta put down, 'interesting trades considered.'
JERRY: I don't want to trade.
KRAMER: No, you don't have to. It's all about tickling their buying bone.
JERRY: Hey, you know what? This is all your mail. They're puttin' it in my box now.
KRAMER: Oh, that's it. They have gone too far. They keep pushing me, and pushing me. Now I got no choice but to go down there... and talk to them.
[Jerry's Apartment]
ELAINE: Hey, Jerry. I'd like you to meet someone. This is Jack. (Heraldic harp sounds as Jerry looks at Jack's face)
[Post Office]
POSTAL EMPLOYEE: May I help you?
KRAMER: Yeah, I'd like to cancel my mail.
POSTAL EMPLOYEE: Certainly. How long would you like us to hold it?
KRAMER: Oh, no, no. I don't think you get me. I want out, permanently.
NEWMAN: I'll handle this, Violet. Why don't you take your three hour break? Oh, calm down, everyone. No one's cancelling any mail.
KRAMER: Oh, yes, I am.
NEWMAN: What about your bills?
KRAMER: The bank can pay 'em.
NEWMAN: The bank. What about your cards and letters?
KRAMER: E-mail, telephones, fax machines. Fedex, telex, telegrams, holograms.
NEWMAN: All right, it's true! Of course nobody needs mail. What do you think, you're so clever for figuring that out? But you don't know the half of what goes on here. So just walk away, Kramer. I beg of you.
SUPERVISOR: Is everything all right here, Postal Employee Newman?
NEWMAN: Yes, sir, I believe everything is all squared away. Isn't it, Mr. Kramer?
KRAMER: Oh, yeah. As long as I stop getting mail!
[Costanza House]
GEORGE: (surprising his parents in the kitchen) Welcome back.
ESTELLE: Oh!
GEORGE: Quick for a... catered affair.
FRANK: I don't know what you mean.
GEORGE: You ditched me. That's twice. Now I demand to know what's going on!
FRANK: George, we've had it with you. Understand? We love you like a son, but even parents have limits.
ESTELLE: The breakups, the firings. And every Sunday with the calls.
FRANK: What my wife is trying to say is that this is supposed to be our time.
GEORGE: I'm not following.
FRANK: We're cuttin' you lose.
GEORGE: You're cuttin' me loose?
FRANK: Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to make love to your mother.
[Jerry's Apartment]
GEORGE: They don't want to see me anymore!
JERRY: But this is what you've always wanted.
GEORGE: It is. I'm just not ready yet.
JERRY: Aw, that's kind of sweet.
GEORGE: Ah, shut up, Jerry. My parents think they can ignore me. Heh heh. Well, they better think again.
JERRY: Oh, no. George, please. What are you going to do?
GEORGE: You remember my cousin Rhisa? I'm gonna date her.
JERRY: Mother of God.
GEORGE: One little wink. She'll freak out, tell my parents. They'll be all over me. Who is this guy?
JERRY: That guy Elaine's dating seems really familiar to me. I think he may have been a comedian I worked with one time. Wait a minute, what is this?
(On the TV, Jack is The Wiz, the spokesman for Nobody Beats the Wiz, chanting Nobody beats me, because I'm the Wiz! I'm the Wiz!)
JERRY: That is the guy!
GEORGE: Elaine's in love with the Wiz guy?
JERRY: No, she thinks she's in love with him. But she's just remembering this old commercial.
GEORGE: That's pretty pathetic.
JERRY: I know. They're not even related.
ELAINE: (enters) Hey.
GEORGE: Uh... hey. I'm gonna get going.
JERRY: Hey, have fun at the... family reunion. (George exits) So, what do you know about this Jack fellow?
ELAINE: Isn't he the best?
JERRY: Yeah, nobody beats him. What kind of work does he do?
ELAINE: Oh, right now he's a fact checker for New York Magazine. It's not much, but it has a certain type of quiet dignity.
JERRY: (turning on the commercial) Right, quiet dignity. As opposed to, say, this?
(On the TV, Jack is The Wiz, the spokesman for Nobody Beats the Wiz, chanting Nobody beats me, because I'm the Wiz! I'm the Wiz!)
ELAINE: Oh, no.
JERRY: Oh, yes.
[Jerry's Apartment later that day]
JERRY: (answering the phone) Hello? Yeah, the van is still for sale. Sure, come on buy.
KRAMER: (rushing into Jerry's apartment) Yeah, I called about the van.
[Restaurant]
GEORGE: (at dinner with his cousin) Some more merlot?
RHISA: Yeah, thanks.
GEORGE: Sure. You know, Rhisa. I've always found you... very attractive.
RHISA: What?
GEORGE: I know it may sound shocking. But, I just can't stop myself from... wanting you.
RHISA: You want to borrow money, right?
GEORGE: No, no. I-I just want us to be... together.
RHISA: All right.
GEORGE: All right?
RHISA: Let's go for it.
GEORGE: Well... we could dance around it a little first.
RHISA: (playing footsie) Nah. Let's be bad, George. Let's be really... bad.
GEORGE: Whoa! Whoa! Geez!
[On the Street]
KRAMER: (inspecting Jerry's van) So, how come you're selling it?
JERRY: You know why I'm selling it. I hate it.
KRAMER: How many miles?
JERRY: Two.
KRAMER: City or highway?
JERRY: Look, do you really want to buy this thing, or what?
KRAMER: (breaking the antenna) Hey, hey. Take it easy. I'm not gonna be pressured. I'll walk away right now. Is this thing bent? I'm not paying for that.
JERRY: All right, just get out of here.
KRAMER: All right, look. I'm going to be honest. I'm very interested in the van.
JERRY: OK, fine. 'What do I have to do to put you in this van today?'
KRAMER: (pointing to the newspaper ad) Well, I don't really have any money. But it says right here, 'interesting trades considered'.
JERRY: You put that in!
KRAMER: (pulling out an undershirt) And I'm glad I did. Here.
JERRY: You want to trade me an undershirt?
KRAMER: No, I want to trade you screen legend Anthony Quinn's undershirt. He took this off to do sit-ups in the park and I nabbed it.
JERRY: That's disgusting.
KRAMER: Well, it's my final offer.
[Monk's]
PUDDY: You dumped me for some idiotic TV pitchman.
ELAINE: Look, I'm sorry, Puddy. It-it was a mistake. So, let's just put it behind us, and we can continue like this never happened.
PUDDY: Gee, I don't know. What if we're out somewhere and you see the Maytag repairman.
ELAINE: You're not taking me back?
PUDDY: (leaving) That's right.
ELAINE: He's not idiotic. He's the Wiz. And nobody beats him. Nobody...
[On the Street]
KRAMER: (handing out anti-mail pamphlets) Here you go. Mail is evil. Pass it on. Hey, mail blows. Fax it to a friend.
WOMAN: Why does this dummy have a bucket on its head?
KRAMER: Because we're blind to their tyranny.
WOMAN: Then shouldn't you be wearing the bucket?
KRAMER: Yeah. Move along, Betty.
FRANKIE: Is this, uh, Jerry Seinfeld's van?
KRAMER: Well, not anymore. He traded it to me for some Hollywood memorabilia.
FRANKIE: I'm, uh, I'm so stupid.
KRAMER: What?
FRANKIE: (running away) I'm so stupid. Uh, excuse me. I'm sorry.
KRAMER: Yeah, nice to meet you.
[Monks]
JERRY: She's into it?
GEORGE: She's leaving me dirty messages on my answering machine.
JERRY: So have your parents found out about it?
GEORGE: She wants to keep it quiet. She... thinks we have a real future together.
JERRY: Brave new world, alright.
KRAMER: (entering Monk's) Hey, you guys.
JERRY: Hey, how's the anti-mail campaign going?
KRAMER: Oh, it's fantastic. We were out in front of the post office today, and not one person went in.
JERRY: It's Sunday.
GEORGE: Why is the mailman wearing a bucket?
KRAMER: Huh? Well, it symbolizes our persecution.
GEORGE: Then... shouldn't you be wearing the bucket.
JERRY: Hey, I want my van keys back.
KRAMER: Oh, well. I, uh, thought we made a deal for Quinn's t-shirt.
JERRY: Are you insane? Give 'em to me.
KRAMER: No, I can't, I can't. See, I told Frank he could borrow it. Yeah, he wants to move some of George's stuff into storage.
GEORGE: Wait a minute? He's picking up the van tonight? This is perfect. I'll drive Rhisa to someplace romantic. Then when my father slides the door open, I'm in the van kissing his brother's daughter.
KRAMER: Oh, listen, Jerry. One of your friends came by and he was very upset that I had your wheels.
JERRY: Oh, no, not Frankie.
KRAMER: Well, I didn't catch his name, but then he went running into the park.
JERRY: Oh, no, the woods! The hole!
[Street]
KRAMER: (seeing Newman pull up along side him in his truck) Hey.
NEWMAN: Kramer, what the hell are you doing?
KRAMER: I know, I'm gonna switch the bucket to something else.
NEWMAN: Not that!
KRAMER: What?
NEWMAN: You're in trouble, Kramer. I shouldn't even be talking to you, but I'm telling you as a friend. Here's how it's going to happen: you may be walking. Maybe on a crisp, autumn day just like today. When a mail truck will slow beside you, and a door will open, and a mailman you know, maybe even trust, will offer to give you a lift.
KRAMER: Are you through?
NEWMAN: No! And no one will ever see you again!
KRAMER: Are you through?
NEWMAN: Yes. No, wait! OK, yes.
NEWMAN: (seeing postal security officials walking towards Kramer) Quick! Get in!
KRAMER: Oh, no, no, no. That's exactly how you said it was going down.
NEWMAN: There's another way it can go down, and it's going down right now!
KRAMER: No. You said a mailman I know, and you're a mailman I know!
NEWMAN: I know you know, but you don't know what I know.
KRAMER: (being grabbed by the security officials) Hey!
[The Woods]
JERRY: Frankie! Frankie! Frankie! Frankie, is that you?
HOLE DIGGER: My name is Edgar.
JERRY: Have a nice night.
HOLE DIGGER: Thank you.
[Another part of the Woods]
FRANKIE: (digging a hole, talking to himself, and seeing Jerry's van pull up near him) Stupid... so stupid! Jerry?
RHISA: All right, George. I'm ready.
GEORGE: Yeah, hold on. I'm, uh, I'm just trying to get a reading on my dashboard compass. Where are my parents?
RHISA: Geor-gie...
FRANKIE: (running up to the van and yelling through the window) Is this Seinfeld's van? Seinfeld's van? Seinfeld's van?!
RHISA: (hearing Frankie as George runs to the back of the van) Wait. What's he saying?
GEORGE: 