le from Monk's. Jerry hasn't placed her face, however. Sharon is introduced to George and)
JERRY: He's gonna hang around if that's alright with you?
SHARON: Sure, I'd like to talk to him, too.
GEORGE: Jerry did you wash this pear?
JERRY: Yeah, I washed it.
GEORGE: It looks like it hasn't been washed.
JERRY: So *wash* *it*.
GEORGE: You hear the way he talks to me?
SHARON: You should hear how *my* boyfriend talks to me...
(Again, Jerry seems confused as to what Sharon is saying. Something's not quite right... But, before another question can be asked, again George has a question-- this time for Sharon)
GEORGE: Let me ask you something. What do you think of this shirt?
SHARON: It's nice.
GEORGE: Jerry said he didn't like it.
JERRY: I didn't say I didn't like it. I said it was O.K...
GEORGE: No, you said you didn't like it...
JERRY: Oh, so what if I don't like it. Is that like the end of the world, or something?
SHARON: So how did you two meet?
JERRY: Actually, we met in the gym locker room.
GEORGE: Yeah. Actually it was in gym class. I was trying to climb the ropes and Jerry was spotting me. I kept slipping and burning my thighs and then finally I slipped and fell on Jerry's head. We've been close ever since.
(George takes a hold of Jerry's leg to stress the point and Sharon, who obviously thinks she has a real story here now, asks another question:)
SHARON: Do you guys live together?
JERRY: [quizzically] Live together?
GEORGE: No, I got my own place.
(Jerry is about *this* close (picture my thumb and forefinger *really* close together) to figuring out what is going on here, when the "question fatale" is asked:)
SHARON: And do your parents know?
JERRY: Know *what*?
GEORGE: My parents? They don't know *what's* goin' on...
JERRY: Oh God, you're that girl in the coffee shop that was eavesdropping on us. I *knew* you looked familiar!
(All three rise from the couch and a rather excited J+G try to explain things to a very confused reporter.)
JERRY: There's been a big misunderstanding here! We did that whole thing for your benefit. We knew you were eavesdropping. That's why my friend said all that. It was on purpose! We're not gay! Not that there's anything wrong with that...
GEORGE: No, of course not...
JERRY: I mean that's fine if that's who you are...
GEORGE: Absolutely...
JERRY: I mean I have many gay friends...
GEORGE: My *father* is gay...
SHARON: Look, I know what I heard.
JERRY: It was a *joke*...
GEORGE: Look, you wanna have sex right now? Do want to have sex with me right now? Let's go! C'mon, let's go baby! C'mon!
(Not that that approach was going to work, or anything, but what minute chance they had of convincing her is blown away as the door bursts open and:)
KRAMER: Hey, C'mon! Let's go! I thought we were going to take a steam!
GEORGE: No!
JERRY: No steam!
KRAMER: Well I don't want to sit there naked all by myself!
[We fast forward a couple of hours and Jerry and Elaine are talking in the apartment. Elaine offers to talk to her and Jerry reveals that he has convinced her to "think about it" before she prints anything in the NYU paper. And, for some unknown reason, Elaine refuses to take her jacket off. Kramer enters, graceful as always.]
KRAMER: Happy birthday paruba!
JERRY: Today's not my birthday.
KRAMER: Well, I beg to differ...
(Kramer convinces Jerry it's his birthday and, after Elaine refuses to take her jacket off again, Kramer presents the big guy with his present.)
JERRY: Look at this! A phone! A two-line phone!
(Elaine can be seen mouthing the word "sh*t" and is, for some reason, not impressed with the gift. She picks up her purse to leave.)
JERRY: Hey, where you going?
ELAINE: I gotta go return something...
(Kramer goes to his apartment and Jerry calls him to try out the phone. And, as luck would have it, a call comes in on the other line.)
SHARON: Jerry, it's Sharon from NYU. I'm just calling to tell you that I'm not going to play up that angle we talked about and I'm sorry.
JERRY: Thank you very much, that's great- >click< Oh! Hold on a sec, I got a call on the other line. >click click< Hello?
GEORGE: Hey.
JERRY: Hey, how ya doin'? Y'know I got that reporter from the newspaper on the other line.
GEORGE: So, what did she say?
JERRY: She says she's not going to play up that angle of the story. She thinks we're heterosexual. [sarcastically] I guess we *fooled* her. I'll get rid of her, hold on... >click click< Sharon? Hello? Sharon, are you there? >click click< I'm back...
GEORGE: Y'know... I could hear you on the other line...
JERRY: What are you talkin' about?
GEORGE: I heard what you said: "Sharon, are you there?".
JERRY: You heard me talkin' on the other line, are you sure?
GEORGE: Yes, I heard you!
JERRY: Well, maybe she was disconnected.
GEORGE: Maybe she wasn't! Maybe she heard the whole conversation!
JERRY: Alright, hang on. Let me call Kramer and see if you can hear anything, hold on. >click click click<...
KRAMER: Yello?
JERRY: Kramer, there may be a problem with the phone, hold on. >click click<
GEORGE: "There may be a problem with the phone, hold on"!
JERRY: Oh no! >click click< Kramer, this phone's a piece of junk, goodbye!
GEORGE: "The phone's a piece of junk, goodbye"!
JERRY: Oh no! Now she's heard everything! What are we gonna do?!?
GEORGE: Now she thinks we're gay, not that there's anything wrong with it...
JERRY: No, no, of course not! People's personal sexual preferences are nobody's business but their own!
[We shift to Sharon's apartment where Elaine is paying a visit]
SHARON: Why don't you take a seat?
ELAINE: Thank-you.
SHARON: Why don't you take your coat off?
[Monk's; Jerry George and Elaine drinking coffee]
ELAINE: So she kept insisting I take off my coat. I refused, and then she forcibly tried to get me to remove it.
JERRY: She wouldn't take her coat off at my house, either.
GEORGE: Y'know there are tribes in Indonesia where if you keep your coat on in somebody's house, the families go to war!
JERRY: So you don't take your coat off, and now everyone at NYU thinks I'm gay. Not that there's anything wrong with that...
GEORGE: Not at all.
(Jerry tries to "forcibly remove the coat" in pursuit of some satisfaction. George springs his birthday gift on Jerry.)
GEORGE: Two tickets to "Guys And Dolls"! I'm gonna go with you!
JERRY: "Guys And Dolls"? Isn't that a lavish, Broadway musical?
GEORGE: It's "Guys And *Dolls*", not "Guys And *Guys*".
JERRY: "The Collected Works Of Bette Midler".
(Nope. Unfortunately for Jerry, things are about to get worse. Elaine notices that there are a couple of guys pointing at Jerry from the other side of the cafe. Jerry goes to investigate.)
JERRY: What do you got there?
MAN #1: _The New York Post_, they've got an article about you.
JERRY: "Although they maintain separate residences, the comedian and his long-time *companion* seem to be inseparable..." Oh no! The Associated Press picked up the NYU story. That's going to be in every paper! I've been "outed"! I wasn't even "in"!
GEORGE: Now everyone's going to think we're gay!
JERRY: Not that there's anything wrong with that...
GEORGE: No, not at all...
[Back in the apartment, E+G+J read from _The Post_]
JERRY: "Within the confines of his fastidious bachelor *pad*, Seinfeld and Costanza bicker over the cleanliness of a piece of *fruit* like an old married couple--" *I told you that pear was washed*!
(Kramer Enters)
KRAMER: I thought we were friends...
JERRY: Here we go...
KRAMER: I mean, how could you two keep this a secret from me?
JERRY: It's not true!
KRAMER: Aaaah! Enough lying! The lying is through! C'mon, Jerry, the masquerade is over. You're thin, late thirties, single...
JERRY: So are you...
KRAMER: Yeah--
(It's at this point that Kramer, well, "Pulls a Kramer". He does that mini-epileptic, losing his balance, "waaaaugh" thing and he retreats to his apartment, probably to confront his own sexuality. In Jerry's apartment, the phone rings, George answers.)
GEORGE: Hello?
MRS. S: George?
GEORGE: Mrs. Seinfeld?!?
MRS. S: Oh, my God...
JERRY: Oh, my God! [takes the phone] Ma?
MRS. S: Jerry?
JERRY: Ma!
GEORGE: Oh, my God! My *MOTHER*!!!
[Back at Mr. and Mrs. Seinfeld's place, the conversation continues.]
MRS. S: Jerry?
JERRY: Ma, it's not true!
MR. S: It's those damn culottes you made him wear when he was five!
MRS. S: They weren't culottes, they were shorts.
MR. S: They were culottes! You bought them in the girl's department.
MRS. S: By mistake! By mistake, Jerry! I'm sorry!
MR. S: It looked like he was wearing a skirt, for crying out loud!
JERRY: Ma, it has nothing to do with the culottes!
MRS. S: Not that there's anything wrong with that, Jerry.
[Back at the Metropolitan Hospital Center, George pays his mother a visit. She seems to be in the same bed from episode ... (yes, that includes the thin sheet covering that allowed for that infamous silhouette]
MRS. C: I open up the paper, and *this* is what I have to read about? I fell right off the toilet. My back went out again, I couldn't move... The super had to come and get help me up. I was half naked!
GEORGE: It's *not* *true*!
MRS. C: Every *day* it's something else with you. I don't know anything about you any more. Who are you? What kind of life are you leading? Who knows *what* you're doing? Maybe you're making porno films.
GEORGE: Yeah. I'm Buck Naked.
MRS. C: Jerry, I can see. He's so neat and thin. Not that there's anything wrong with it.
GEORGE: Of course not...
(In comes a hulking male nurse. He parts the screen and announces)
NURSE: 6:30, Scott. Time for your sponge bath.
(Ack! It's deja vu all over again! Except instead of a couple of women behind the screen (as in the "M" episode), there are two guys. George is transfixed. Mrs. C. has to scream to get his attention off of the "show" going on beside him.)
[at Monk's, E+G+J converge yet again. Jerry informs G+E that Sharon has left a message on his machine. George has other things on his mind.]
GEORGE: Alright, now the play is tomorrow night. So do you want to have dinner first, or do you just want to meet at the theatre?
(Before Jerry can utter his response, a military guy approaches the table.)
SAILOR: Excuse me, sir? I don't mean to bother you. I just wanted you to know that it took a lot of guts to come out the way you did, and that you've inspired me to do the same, even though that may mean a discharge from the service. Thanks.
(And, just as quickly as he appeared, he leaves before Jerry can respond (Colonel Flagg, anyone?) He does have an answer to George's previous question, though.)
JERRY: Y'know, I think I'll pass on the "Guys And Dolls"...
(George throws a "hissy fit" and it told to pipe down by a rather bulky manager from the diner and resolves to take Elaine instead. Elaine then queries George if Allison has seen the article yet.)
GEORGE: No. Just imagine her reaction.
ELAINE: Yeah...
GEORGE: Oh, my God...
JERRY: What?
GEORGE: She hasn't seen the article! When she sees it, she's gonna think-- *I'm out baby*!! I'm out!!!!!
[So, we flash forward to George dropping off Allison. She is mulling over the article that George has given her.]
ALLISON: Yeah? So?
GEORGE: Yeah so??
ALLISON: Well this is nice. They mention your name.
GEORGE: Don't you see what it says here? Don't you understand what that's implying?
ALLISON: No, what?
GEORGE: I'm gay! I'm a gay man! I'm very, very gay.
ALLISON: You're *gay*?
GEORGE: Extraordinarily gay. Steeped in gayness.
ALLISON: [matter-of-factly] I don't believe it.
GEORGE: You don't believe me? Ask Jerry.
ALLISON: I will.
GEORGE: What do you mean you will? That's a bad idea. Jerry is a very private person.
ALLISON: [Grabs George's lapels] I want to hear it from *Jerry*...
[Back at Jerry's apartment, Sharon and Jerry are, well, "making out on the couch". Apparently, she's all turned around on the subject.]
SHARON: Oh, can you ever forgive me?
JERRY: I dunno... [they kiss again] *Alright*, I forgive you...
SHARON: Y'know the funny thing is, I was attracted to you immediately.
JERRY: I was attracted to you, too. You remind me of Lois Lane.
(George Enters)
GEORGE: Jerry! Oh, my God! What are you doing!?!
JERRY: What!?
GEORGE: You're with a *woman*!
JERRY: I know! What are you doin' here?!?
GEORGE: I leave you alone for two seconds, and this is what you do! I trusted you!
JERRY: [forcibly removing G. from the apt] Would you get the Hell out of here!
SHARON: What's going on?
ALLISON: Yeah, what's going on?
GEORGE: Alright, tell her. Go ahead.
JERRY: Tell her what?
GEORGE: Y'know. About *us*.
(George has emphasized his point by reaching up and putting his hand in J's hair. Jerry flips out at this point. His arms are flailing about and he's well, gone loopy. George embraces Jerry to keep it going, but Jerry's not buying any of it. Sharon leaves, much to Jerry's chagrin. Allison asks (again) for an explanation.)
GEORGE: Alright, I'll tell you the truth. I'm not gay. My name's Buck Naked, I'm a porno actor.
ALLISON: *Really*?
(Allison takes George's arm (not quite the reaction he wanted, I'm sure). Kramer walks by the open door to go to his apartment. He is escorted by what appears to be a virile young man. Kramer addresses G+J (and Allison) before he goes into his apartment.)
KRAMER: We'll see you later...
(George & Jerry look disbelievingly at each other, obviously at a loss for words over Kramer's new, interest. Kramer notices this and)
KRAMER: He's the *phone* man!
(George + Jerry see the light and are visibly relieved)
KRAMER: Not that there's anything wrong with that...
[Closing Monologue]
I am not gay. I am, however, thin, single and neat. Sometimes when someone is thin, single and neat people assume they are gay because that is a stereotype. They normally don't think of gay people as fat, sloppy and married. Although I'm sure there are, I don't want to perpetuate the stereotype. I'm sure they are the minority though within the gay community. They're probably discriminated against because of that, people say to them "Y'know Joe, I enjoy being gay with you but I think think it's about time, y'know that you got in shape, tucked the shirt in and lost the wife". But if people are even going to assume that people that are neat are gay, maybe instead of doin' this: "Y'know I think Joe might be a little... [waves hand back and forth]", they should vacuum: "Y'know I think Joe might be >vroom< [makes vacuuming motion]. Yeah, I got a feeling he's a little >vrooom<..."
[Open at Monk's, with Jerry & George just sittin' around. Jerry is reading the paper while George reflects on things]
GEORGE: Oh, what's the point? When I like them, they don't like me, when they like me, I don't like them. Why can't I act with the ones I like the same way I do with the ones I don't like?
JERRY: Well, you've only got another fifty years or so to go before it'll *all* be over...
GEORGE: Maybe I need someone who doesn't speak English.
JERRY: Yeah, how about a mute?
GEORGE: A mute would be good.
JERRY: Ah, where you gonna meet a mute?
GEORGE: This is what my life has come to... Tryin to meet a mute.
(George quickly shifts into deep philosophical mode. Jerry remains pedestrian on the issue, still reading the paper.)
GEORGE: I dunno, Jerry somethin's missing. There's a void, Jerry, there's a void...
JERRY: A deep, yawning chasm...
GEORGE: There's gotta be more to life than this. What gives you pleasure?
JERRY: Listening to you. I listen to this for fifteen minutes and I'm on top of the world. Your misery is my pleasure.
(Elaine enters and greets George & Jerry cheerfully.)
ELAINE: Hey boys!
JERRY: Hey! How you doin'?
ELAINE: Good. Okay, well, it's all set. I start tomorrow.
GEORGE: Start what?
ELAINE: I signed up to do volunteer work with senior citizens.
GEORGE: *Really*.
ELAINE: Yeah. God, I can't tell you how I feel! I mean, I feel *so* *good*! I *really* feel good. The strange thing is, I mean, I haven't even met the woman yet.
GEORGE: Volunteer work, huh?
JERRY: What're you gonna do down there?
ELAINE: Well, they say all it is is that you go over to their apartment and, I dunno, you take them for a walk and you get a cup of coffee and it's supposed to make them feel good.
JERRY: That's what I do with him [points at George]
(George gives Jerry that "Oh, ha-ha... it is to laugh" look and probes Elaine further (no, that's not a euphemism for those who are wondering.)
GEORGE: When did you get this idea?
ELAINE: Last time I had lunch with you here. You were going *on* and *on* and *on* about how you wanted to meet somebody who didn't speak English.
JERRY: What, do you break it in with her, then you try it out on me?
GEORGE: And... and anybody can do this?
ELAINE: Yup.
GEORGE: Helping people... Of course. Of course! It makes perfect sense! How could I *not* be doing this!? I am gonna help somebody, Dammit!
ELAINE: [To Jerry] What about you?
JERRY: Nah, it's not for me.
ELAINE: Jerry, if anybody should be doing this, it's you.
GEORGE: What *kind* of a person are you?
JERRY: I think I'm pretty much like you-- only successful.
[We skip forward to the apartment where a representative from the senior citizens office is giving George & Jerry their information sheets on their volunteer cases.]
AGENCY REP: This is a wonderful thing you're doing. They're so grateful just to have someone to talk to. And I can tell you that everyone who participates finds the experience extremely rewarding.
GEORGE: Well, I feel better already. I'm feelin' like a good person.
AGENCY REP: Good luck.
JERRY: Thank you.
(The rep leaves and George & Jerry compare information sheets)
GEORGE: Hey, what's your guy's name again?
JERRY: Fields. Sidney Fields. *87* years old. *87*. How about your guy?
GEORGE: Ben Cantwell. 85. Huh... You think we'll make it to that age?
JERRY: *We*? No.
(Enter Kramer)
KRAMER: So what's up, Diggity Dog?
JERRY: George and I just signed up with the Senior Citizen's Volunteer Agency. Same thing Elaine's doing.
KRAMER: Oh, that's too bad. Now don't say I didn't try to warn you.
JERRY: What're you talkin' about?
KRAMER: Oh, Jerry, I'm *surprised* at you!
JERRY: What?
KRAMER: It's a *con*. These agencies are usually a front for some money laundering scheme. Or they're bunko artists; bilkin' people out of their life savings, oh *yeah*.
JERRY: Where do you *get* this?
KRAMER: The alternative media, Jerry. That's where you hear the truth.
(Before Kramer can get too far into his tale, a commotion is going on outside the door at Kramer's apartment. Someone's knockin' on his door.)
NEWMAN: Kramer?! Kramer!? Where are you? Kramer!?! Kramer!!?
KRAMER: I'm in here. C'mon...
JERRY: Hello, *Newman*...
NEWMAN: Jerry, George. [To Kramer] So, did you ask him about the records?
KRAMER: Well--
JERRY: What records?
KRAMER: Well, Newman and I are going partners selling used records.
(Kramer and Newman do what I can only assume is some sort of Secret Hand Shake (like the Moose lodge).)
NEWMAN: You know Ron's Records down on Bleeker? They pay big cash for used records!
KRAMER: Yeah, so we thought if you had any of those big, y'know, old-fashioned useless records, y'know, just... lyin' around--
KRAMER: Y'know, we'd take them off your hands, free of charge.
(Before Jerry issues a response, George needs his curiousity satisfied.)
GEORGE: Let me ask you something. What do you do for a living, Newman?
NEWMAN: I'm a United States postal worker.
GEORGE: Aren't those the guys that always go crazy and come back with a gun and shoot everybody?
NEWMAN: Sometimes...
JERRY: Why *is* that?
NEWMAN: Because the mail never stops. It just keeps coming and coming and coming, there's never a let-up. It's relentless. Every day it piles up more and more and more! And you gotta get it out but the more you get it out the more it keeps coming in. And then the bar code reader breaks and it's *Publisher's Clearing House* day!!!
(Newman is restrained by the boys, but on the bright side, Jerry has allowed Kramer & Newman to take whatever records they want from his bedroom. We shift to the record shop, but the sign says "Bleeker Bob's Records" (Continuity alert! Continuity alert!) The clerk (presumably Ron) files through Kramer & Newman's stash carefully and somehow comes to his total without a calculator)
RON: I'll give you five bucks.
KRAMER: Five bucks???
NEWMAN: Well, you know how much those records are worth!?
RON: Yeah, I do... Fi' dollars.
NEWMAN: Those records are worth more than five dollars!
KRAMER: [In Newman's ear] He's gyppin' us...
NEWMAN: You're gyppin' us!
RON: Well, whattya got here, y'know, you got "Don Ho: Live At Honolulu", you got "Jerry Vale Sings Italian Love Songs" you got Sergio Mendes, now come on...
KRAMER: Wait, wait, wait... Sergio Mendes has a cult following.
NEWMAN: They follow him like a cult.
KRAMER: He can't even walk down the street in South America...
RON: Look, that's his problem, alright? Now you don't like it, too bad.
KRAMER: [In Newman's ear] I don't like it...
NEWMAN: I don't like it.
RON: Well, then get the Hell out of my store, alright? You bring me something decent, I'll give you some money.
KRAMER: [In Newman's ear] Alright, well be back, jack.
NEWMAN: Alright, well be back... *jack*!
[At the home of Sid Field, Sid sits in an armchair while his housekeeper answers the door. Sid is not the jolly fellow one might associate with someone of his mellowing years]
JERRY: Hi, I'm Jerry Seinfeld, the agency sent me.
HOUSEKEEPER: Agency?
JERRY: Yeah, is this Sid Field's residence?
HOUSEKEEPER: Sid Fields.
(The Housekeeper points over to the E-Z Chair where Sid is sitting. He welcomes Jerry into his home.)
SID: What the *Hell* is it?
JERRY: Mr. Fields?
SID: What!?!
JERRY: Hi, I'm Jerry Seinfeld, the agency sent me.
SID: Agency? What agency? The *CIA*?
JERRY: No, no, the--
SID: Who let you in here?
JERRY: The woman, she--
SID: Oh *her*. She *steals* from me. Steals my money. She says she doesn't speak English. My *ass* she doesn't speak English. Plays that freakin' "voo-doo" music, tries to hypnotize me. She thinks she's gonna turn me into a zombie and then rob me blind. Well, I wasn't born yesterday. I may drop dead today, but I sure as Hell wasn't born yesterday. Now get the Hell out of my house...
JERRY: Mr. Fields, I'm here to spend some time with you.
SID: Oh, really. Are you the boyfriend? I know she's got a boyfriend. Are you going to *kill* me? I'm an old man for crying out loud, you gonna kill an old man, you coward?!? [Jerry gets out card]
JERRY: No, Mr. Field, look, really I'm--
SID: I can't read that you fool...
(Jerry is in the pocket and he's in trouble. Attempting to avoid the sack he scrambles and picks another topic to switch to. There are a couple of piles of records on top of the TV. Jerry asks about them.)
JERRY: What's all this stuff?
SID: Trash. Garbage.
JERRY: You're throwin' this out??
SID: I believe that's what you do with garbage, you idiot.
(You can make out the albums pretty clearly. One is an apparent K-Tel "classic": "22 Explosive Hits", I don't know the other one. Anyone? I believe "The Beatles" (The White Album) is there also.)
JERRY: You don't want any of this?
SID: Well if I wanted it I wouldn't be throwing it away, *Ein-stein*.
JERRY: You know I have some friends who would really like to have these.
SID: Well, take it. I'm sure as Hell not going to give it to my family.
(They've bonded. Just like in all those buddy-cop movies. This seemingly non-compatible couple have found common ground. They've reached each other)
JERRY: Well, do you want to go out for a walk, get a cup of coffee...
SID: With you? I'd rather be dead.
JERRY: Well, maybe I'll get goin' then. I just remembered I got an appointment to get my, um, tonsils out.
SID: Good. Thank God. Good riddance. [pause] Oh listen, before you go, would you mind changing my diaper? HAA!!
[At Monk's, George and his charge enjoy a bowl of soup over some, er, light conversation.]
BEN: No, I feel great for 85.
GEORGE: Y'know the average life span for an American male is like, 72. You're really... kinda pushin' the envelope there.
BEN: I'm not afraid of dyin'. I never think about it.
GEORGE: You don't? Boy, I think about it a lot. I think about it at my age. Imagine how much I'll be thinkin' about it at your age. All I'll do is keep thinkin' about it until it drives me insane...
BEN: I'm grateful for every moment I have.
GEORGE: Grateful? How can you be grateful when you're *so* close to the end? When you know that any second-- Poof! Bamm-O! It can all be over. I mean you're not stupid, you can read the handwriting on the wall. It's a matter of simple arithmetic, for Gods sake...
BEN: I guess I just don't care.
GEORGE: What are you talking about? How can you sit there and look me in the eye and tell that me you're not worried?! Don't you have any *sense*?!! Don't you have a brain!? Are you so completely senile that you don't know what you're talkin about Anymore!!?!
(Ben gets up to leave)
GEORGE: Wait a second, where are you going?
BEN: Life's too short to waste on you.
GEORGE: Wait a minute, please--
BEN: Get out of my way...
(As Ben shoves George out of the way, all of a sudden you just *have* to feel a tinge of pain in your heart as you realize George realizes he won't be able to talk to Ben anymore)
GEORGE: But Mr. Cantwell, you... you owe me for the soup...
[The apartment of Elaine's senior citizen. It's very dark in the apartment.]
ELAINE: Mrs. Oliver?
MRS. O: Yes my dear.
(Elaine looks around the room, trying to find Mrs. Oliver. She pans around and wham-o!! She sees that Mrs. Oliver has a rather, er, um, unsightly physical problem (to put it mildly)
ELAINE: Ooh!
MRS. O: What's the trouble? Are you alright?
ELAINE: Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah.
MRS. O: It's my goiter, isn't it?
ELAINE: Did you say goiter? What goiter?
MRS. O: This football-shaped lump jutting out the side of my neck.
ELAINE: Oh, *that* goiter. Hey... Heh heh heh... Whaddya know...
MRS. O: Does it bother you?
ELAINE: Bother me? Oh, phhbt... Why would a little goiter like that bother me? No, not a bit. It's nothing. It's nothin', it's um, in fact, it's um, it's very distinctive, y'know? Um, I mean you want to know something? I, I wish I had one. [pause] Really.
[At Jerry's apartment, the kids compare notes on their visits.]
JERRY: C'mon Elaine, it's just a goiter...
ELAINE: I don't know what I'm going to do. I can't look the woman in the face. I mean I keep thinkin' that that goiter's gonna start talkin' to me... You'd think they'd mention that before they send you over there: "Oh, by the way, this woman *almost* has a second head". But no, no, I didn't get any goiter information.
JERRY: They really should mention that in the breakdown: height, weight, goiter.
ELAINE: Y'know you try to do some good. You want to be a good person but this is too much to ask.
JERRY: Yeah, well, I'll tell ya, I'd rather talk to a goiter with a nice disposition than the nut they sent me to.
ELAINE: Hey Georgie, what happened with your guy?
GEORGE: I don't think it's gonna work out...
JERRY: Whattya mean?
GEORGE: He fired me.
JERRY: He fired you?!?
ELAINE: *How* do you get fired from a volunteer job?
GEORGE: I dunno. I was just talking to the man and he walked out on me!
JERRY: Well, I dunno about you two, but I'm quitting. I hate my guy. He's a mean, mean guy.
ELAINE: I wish I could quit...
JERRY: So quit!
GEORGE: Yeah, I'm a great quitter. It's one of the few things I do well. I come form a long line of quitters. My father was a quitter, my grandfather was a quitter... I was raised to give up.
(Kramer and Newman come in, albums in hand)
KRAMER: Well, here's your *albums* [Journey "Escape" is on top, BTW...]
JERRY: What happened?
NEWMAN: Five dollars. He offered us *five* dollars.
KRAMER: Hey, what kind of stuff are you listening to? You *embarrassed* me at that store.
NEWMAN: That guy thought we were a couple of total squares.
JERRY: Oh yeah, you and your *Sergio Mendes*...
KRAMER: Hey, hey, hey, hey, that guy can't even go to the bathroom in South America!
(Elaine relieves herself of the conversation by going to the bathroom)
JERRY: Well you shoulda seen the pile of albums this old guy I was visiting today was throwing away: Sinatra, Duke Ellington, Al Jolson, Benny Goodman...
KRAMER: Wait, wait, wait, now... He's throwin them out??
JERRY: Yeah, and then I asked him if my friend could have them and he said yeah.
KRAMER: Okay...
NEWMAN: [In Kramer's ear] The old coot's sittin' on a mountain of gold!
KRAMER: Yeah...
JERRY: But you're going to have to go get em. I'm not carryin' them all.
KRAMER: Yeah, but you've gotta come with us.
JERRY: Yeah, I'm goin' there today. In fact you should see this house keeper he's got. She's from Senegal [and, ala Carson] Wild, Wild, Stuff...
(George peeks up from the magazine he's reading on the couch)
GEORGE: Senegal?
[At Mr. Fields' apartment, George is helping the housekeeper put away some groceries. He takes this time to get to know her better]
GEORGE: So you don't speak *any* English at all?
HOUSEKEEPER: English? No.
SID: Hey, what are those bums doin' back there?
JERRY: Well you said they could come and take the records.
SID: It's like watchin' a couple of hyenas goin' through the garbage.
GEORGE: You don't speak *any* English?
HOUSEKEEPER: No English.
GEORGE: I would like to dip my bald head in oil and rub it all over your body. [No reaction] You don't understand! It's a miracle! You don't understand because you don't speak English!
JERRY: So Mr. Fields I just don't know if this arrangement is--
SID: Hey, I don't like what's goin' on around here. I want all you bums outta here.
KRAMER: Now calm down, Mr. Fields...
SID: Now don't tell me to calm down... Get your hands off of me! Why you little...
KRAMER: Oooow! He's biting me!
(Kramer's defense mechanism kicks in and when he rips his arm away from Sid's jaws of death, something flies away from the scrum)
SID: My teeth! My teeth!
JERRY: Where's his teeth! Where's his teeth!
GEORGE: I thought I saw something fly over here...
JERRY: Well turn the light on...
(George flicks the light switch by the kitchen sink)
JERRY: That's the garbage disposal!
SID: My teeth! You idiots!!!
(The boys decide to take Sid to the dentist to get new teeth, or something but on the way to the cab, somebody forgot to stay with Mr. Fields. They go back to find him, but they can't, apparently.)
[Cut to Mrs. Oliver's place where Elaine is sitting, bored out of her skull through a very pedestrian conversation. She keeps mumbling to herself throughout Mrs. Oliver's story]
MRS. O: And we would take long automobile trips--
ELAINE: Oh, well, that sounds like a lot of fun...
MRS. O: Staring out the window--
ELAINE: Uh huh...
MRS. O: You'd see a long view of rolling pastures and--
ELAINE: Well, that'll get you goin' right there...
MRS. O: Big, roaming cows--
ELAINE: Cows, well that's fascinating...
MRS. O: That's when I began my affair with Mohandas.
ELAINE: What?
MRS. O: Mohandas.
ELAINE: Ghandhi?
MRS. O: Oh, the *passion*. The *forbidden pleasure*--
ELAINE: You had an affair with Ghandhi? MRS. O: He used to dip his bald head in oil and rub it all over my body. Here, look... [shows Elaine a picture of the two together]
ELAINE: Oh, my God... The Mohatma?
[Meanwhile, back at Bleeker Bob's, er, I mean, Ron's on Bleeker, Kramer and Newman have brought Ron the clerk "something decent".]
RON: Twenty bucks.
NEWMAN: Twenty bucks?!? Are you out of your mind?
RON: Well, take it or leave it.
NEWMAN: Take it or leave it!? We got *Al Jolson* here, *Al Jolson*!!
RON: Now what the Hell do I care about Al Jolson. I'd just assume her you sing "Mammy". Heh heh heh...
KRAMER: [In Newman's ear] This guy's nothin' but a piece of crap...
NEWMAN: You are nothing but a piece of crap.
RON: Pardon me?
KRAMER: [In Newman's ear] A piece of crap...
NEWMAN: A piece of crap.
KRAMER: [In Newman's ear] I find you extremely ugly...
NEWMAN: I find you extremely ugly.
RON: *Do* you?
KRAMER: [In Newman's ear] You emit a foul and unpleasant odour...
NEWMAN: You emit a foul and unpleasant odour.
RON: Oh, is that right?
KRAMER: [In Newman's ear] I *loathe* you...
NEWMAN: I *loathe* you.
RON: That's it. Get out of my store!
KRAMER: [In Newman's ear] Make us.
NEWMAN: Make us!
RON: Oh, I'll make you!
(As Ron jumps the counter to get at the boys, we cut to Jerry's apartment where it seems he is being lectured)
AGENCY REP: Do you realize how irresponsible this is? Our agency's sole purpose is to care for senior citizens. And in one fell swoop you've single- handedly destroyed our reputation.
JERRY: Yes, but--
(buzzer)
JERRY: [Into intercom] Yes?
TIM: It's Tim Fields, Mr. Fields' son.
JERRY: Alright, c'mon up.
JERRY: [To Rep] I dunno what happened, we were just trying to take him to the dentist.
AGENCY REP: Why were you taking him to the dentist?
JERRY: Um, well, his false teeth got mangled up in the garbage disposal--
AGENCY REP: What were his false teeth doing in the garbage disposal?
JERRY: Well, after he bit my friend--
AGENCY REP: Bit your friend?!
% Tim comes into the apartment to temporarily get Jerry off the hook.
TIM: What the *Hell* is going on here? How do you *lose* a human being?!
JERRY: I, I'm sorry.
TIM: And who were these other people. What were they doing in the apartment!?
JERRY: Well, I brought them up there to take his records--
TIM: Take his *records*? Do you realize how valuable that record collection is?
[Kramer and Newman come into the apartment.]
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: There you are. Did you find him?
KRAMER: No, y'know we took the old man's records over to Ron's and he tried to *screw* us so we got in a fight.
NEWMAN: It was a real melee.
KRAMER: Yeah, a real brouhaha...
(They inform all that the records are broken, but before Tim can get *really* out of control, they try to call Mr. Fields at home, but the line is busy, so they go to his apartment figuring he must be home. As they all get there, they come upon a rather)
(Scene of George on couch with the maid rubbing oil on his head.)
[Opening Monologue]
The cosmetic surgery procedures that are available to people today - liposuction, are you familiar with this? This is a fat-sucking machine. Now you know, somewhere, somebody is working on a way that this thing could go into a restaurant. And you could just order it off the menu. 'I tell you what, give me the cheesecake, crank me up to nine, and put a scoop of ice cream on the side.'
[Opening scene]
(Sidra on a Stairmaster at the New York Health Club. Jerry enters after his workout w/gymbag in hand.)
SIDRA: Oh, hi Jerry.
JERRY: Hi, Sidra. I usually last about ten minutes on a Stairmaster. Unless of course there's someone stretching in front of me in a leotard, then I can go an hour.
SIDRA (amused): Really.
JERRY: Oh, yeah. That's why they call it a Stairmaster. You get up there and you stare.
SIDRA (stepping off): Well, I'm done. I think I'm gonna go take a sauna.
JERRY: Alright, I'll see you Thursday night, right?
SIDRA: Thursday night.
JERRY: Alright.
(Elaine walks over to Jerry.)
ELAINE: Good workout?
JERRY (mimics smoking an "after sex cigarette"): Tremendous workout.
ELAINE: That's a pretty girl.
JERRY: Tremendous girl.
ELAINE: She's the one you went out with last night?
JERRY: Yeah. I really like her.
ELAINE: You know, uh...they're fake.
JERRY: What? Don't say that!
ELAINE: Nah! They're fake!
JERRY: How do you know?
ELAINE: I can tell. You know how you're always bragging how you can spot a lesbian?
JERRY: I'm not bragging, I happen to have a very keen lesbian eye. (A woman walks by Jerry and Elaine.) Hi, how ya doin.' (Jerry jerks a thumb at the woman to confirm his talent. Elaine is skeptical.)
ELAINE: Oh, right. C'mon, don't you think they seem a bit too perfect?
JERRY: Yes, they do!
ELAINE: I never knew you were so into breasts. I thought you were a leg man.
JERRY: A leg man? Why would I be a leg man? I don't need legs. I have legs. Have you ever seen her naked in the locker room?
ELAINE: No.
JERRY: Oh, well, then I can't accept your testimony. Maybe if you had seen her naked.
ELAINE: I don't want to see her naked.
JERRY: Well, I do.
ELAINE: Well, that's your problem.
JERRY: Look, you made the allegation. The least you could do is follow up.
ELAINE: Jerry, what am I gonna do? I'm gonna go in there and spy on her in the sauna?
JERRY: Yes! Go in there! Do a little investigative journalism. I need to know!
ELAINE: But a few more dates and you can find out for yourself!
JERRY: Don't be so sure. Look at George - he's on his ninth date with Betsy, he still hasn't gotten anywhere with her.
ELAINE: What's his problem?
JERRY: Well, every time he tries to make a move, something screws up. Like on their last date, they were on the couch, but she was sitting on his wrong side.
ELAINE: Wrong side?
JERRY: Yeah, she was on his right side. He can't make a move with his left hand. Can't go left.
ELAINE: He can't go left.
JERRY: No! I'm lefty, can't go right. What about women? Do they go left or right?
ELAINE: Nah, we just play defense.
[New scene - George and Betsy at Betsy's apartment. George tries to make it to the right-hand side of the couch, but Betsy beats him to it.]
GEORGE: Can I ask you a question? Would you mind switching seats?
BETSY: Oh, actually, I really prefer to sit here. I don't hear very well out of this ear (points to her right ear) so, I always try to sit to the right of people.
GEORGE: I'll shout.
BETSY: Well, I really think I feel more comfortable here.
GEORGE: C'mon, c'mon...(stands up and physically rolls Betsy to the left side of the couch.) See, now, is that so bad?
BETSY: What? (The phone rings.)
GEORGE (attempting to make a move): No, no, the machine'll get it...
BETSY: No, no, it's not on...
GEORGE: They'll call back.
BETSY: But George, what if it's an emergency?
GEORGE: In the whole world right now, there's maybe three emergencies. Why would you think, on this entire planet, that you're one of those three?
BETSY: George, please. (Gets up and answers the phone.) Hello? What? (shocked) Oh my god!
GEORGE: Alright, maybe four.
[New scene - Elaine at the health club, in the sauna with Sidra and some other women. We hear her thoughts.]
ELAINE's brain: Boy, I'm really sweatin.' Good sweat, beads of sweat...sweatin' bullets. (Notices Sidra.) Look at her. I don't need to see her naked to know those aren't real. Why does she need to tie the towel around her? She's got a rack on her chest. (Sidra takes her towel off and lies down.) Oh god! Sidra's takin' the towel off! (Looks at Sidra's chest.) Whoa, doctor! That's it, I knew it! I knew it, they're definitely fake.
[Cut back to George and Betsy at her apartment. Betsy's still on the phone.]
BETSY: So, when's the funeral? Well, Aunt Clarice was so ill, I guess it was really a blessing. (George, on the couch behind Betsy, is impatiently waiting for her to get off the phone so he can continue putting the moves on her. He shrugs, and crosses himself.) Yeah, I'll fly home as soon as I can. (George waves goodbye, and mimics a plane flying through the air with his hand.) O.k. You, too. Get some sleep. (Betsy looks at George, and he manufactures a completely phony look of sorrow.)
[New scene - Jerry and Elaine in Jerry's apartment.]
JERRY: You're sure?
ELAINE: Positive! This chick's playin' with confederate money.
JERRY: Well then, that's it. That's the end of that.
ELAINE: What? Just 'cause of that?
JERRY: Just 'cause of that? It's like finding out Mickey Mantle corked his bat!
ELAINE: Oh, come on! You've dated women with nosejobs, what's the difference?
JERRY: You don't touch the nose! You don't aspire to reach the nose. You don't unhook anything to get to a nose, and no man has ever tried to look up a woman's nostril.
ELAINE: You've put a lot of thought into this, haven't you?
JERRY: Well, I take it very seriously.
ELAINE: You know, sometimes when I think you're the shallowest man I've ever met, you somehow manage to drain a little more out of the pool.
(Kramer enters.)
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Hey. You know, I do kinda wonder what fake breast feel like.
KRAMER: Well, I know what they feel like.
JERRY: You? How do you know?
KRAMER: Well, I lived in Los Angeles for three months.
ELAINE (laughs): I thought you hated Los Angeles.
KRAMER: I do! I just miss the warm weather, y'know? Jeez. Oh man, I wish I could get away.
JERRY: Real busy now down at the office?
KRAMER: No. Huh? You know who I saw at the health club? Salman Rushdie.
ELAINE (laughing): Yeah right, Salman Rushdie. Yeah well, I can see that - you got five millions Moslems after you, you wanna stay in pretty good shape.
[New scene - Jerry, George and Kramer in the sauna at the health club.]
GEORGE: I know what the problem is - I like her too much. That's why I can't make a move.
JERRY: You put her on a pedestal.
KRAMER: I put them on a dental chair.
JERRY: He puts 'em on a dental chair.
GEORGE: I'm not her boyfriend. I want to be her boyfriend.
KRAMER: Whoo. It's like a sauna in here.
GEORGE: That's funny. You're a funny guy.
JERRY: Yeah, funny. Yeah, I never heard that before. (To George) So, you goin' to the funeral?
GEORGE: Why, you think I should?
JERRY: What, are you kidding? It's a golden opportunity to advance the relationship. She's crying, you put your arm around her and console her...you're the consolation guy!
GEORGE: I'm the consolation guy...?
KRAMER: Consolation Guy is big.
JERRY: Her aunt dying is the best thing that ever happened to you.
KRAMER: It's like ten dates in one shot.
JERRY: This confers upon you instant boyfriend status. The family's there...you're taking care of things...you're gettin' the sandwiches...you're the rock!
GEORGE: It's in Detroit though, it's an expensive flight.
KRAMER: Why don't you get a "death in the family" fare?
GEORGE: What?
KRAMER: You go to the airlines, you tell them you got a death in the family? They give you 50% off the fare.
GEORGE: Really?
KRAMER: In fact, listen...I'll go down there with ya. You know, we'll tell them there's a death in my family, you buy the ticket, I'll split it...then I'll get the bonus miles and you'll get to Detroit for a quarter of the price!
(George considers.)
[New scene - Elaine in the sauna again. We hear her thoughts.]
ELAINE's brain: Boy, I'm gettin' a good sweat here. Great sweat, good beads. Nice beads.
(Sidra enters the sauna with a friend.)
ELAINE's brain: Ah, look who's here. "Silicon Valley."
SIDRA (to her friend): So anyway, we go out on one date, he asks me out for a second, then out of nowhere he cancels the date and says he doesn't want to see me again.
ELAINE: Uh...sorry, I couldn't help overhearing.
SIDRA: Oh, that's o.k.
ELAINE: Did he give you a reason?
SIDRA: Yeah. He's going back to his old girlfriend.
ELAINE: Really?
SIDRA: He said she's mentally ill. He's one of those guys who is obsessed with neatness and order? Everything has gotta be just so. He would have made a great Nazi.
ELAINE: Hey, does he ever talk about Superman?
SIDRA: Yes! How did you know?
ELAINE: Oh, I know the type.
SIDRA: So you can relate?
ELAINE: Oh, yeah.
SIDRA (sits across from Elaine and takes her towel off): You know, I've seen you around the club. My name's Sidra. This is Marcy.
ELAINE: Oh, hi. I'm Elaine. (Gets up to shake Sidra's hand, but stumbles and falls "right into them.")
[New scene - Jerry and Elaine in Jerry's apartment.]
ELAINE: So anyway, I stood up to shake her hand, then suddenly I lost my balance and I fell right into her.
JERRY: You fell on her?
ELAINE: I touched 'em.
JERRY: You what?
ELAINE: I...touched...'em.
JERRY: You touched 'em?!
ELAINE: I needed them to help me break my fall! If it hadn't been for them, I could have really injured myself!
JERRY: Wow.
ELAINE: Anyway...they're real.
JERRY: Excuse me?!
ELAINE: I think they might be real.
JERRY: Oh, what do you know, you have no breast touching experience.
ELAINE: I've touched mine!
JERRY: So have I.
ELAINE: Oh, right...I forgot. (smiles)
JERRY: Anyway, touching two breasts doesn't make you an expert.
ELAINE: Alright, well anyway, I think they're real. And if they are, I must say they are...spectacular.
JERRY: Aw, what are you doin' to me? (puts his head down on the counter.)
[New scene - George and Kramer at the airline ticket counter. Kramer is pretending to be grief-stricken.]
GEORGE (to clerk): You see, my friend here, his aunt passed away last night.
CLERK (to Kramer): Oh, I'm very sorry.
KRAMER: I saw her last week, she looked healthy and peaceful, but...she knew...
CLERK: You poor thing!
KRAMER (breaking into tears): I...I...
GEORGE: You don't think you can buy the ticket yourself...? No, there, there...you sit, and I'll purchase the ticket for you.
CLERK: You're a good friend.
GEORGE: I understand you offer a 50%-off 'bereavement' fare...?
CLERK: Yes, all you have to do is pay the full fare now, then return to any one of our counters with a copy of the death certificate, and we'll refund half your fare.
GEORGE: The death certificate?
CLERK: Yes, yes, we do need documentation or you know, people could take advantage.
GEORGE: What kind of a sick person would do a thing like that?
CLERK: I know! But it happens.
GEORGE: You want my friend to ask his uncle, a man who just lost his wife of 44 years, for a death certificate so that he can save a few bucks on a flight?
CLERK: That would be $387 round-trip.
KRAMER (in a perfectly normal tone of voice): Alright, so you'll need my frequent flyer number, huh?
CLERK: Yes.
[Cut back to Jerry and Elaine in Jerry's apartment.]
JERRY: I don't know, one minute you say they're fake, the next minute you think they're real...I don't know what to believe!
ELAINE: Hey, of the two of us, I'm the only one who's touched 'em.
JERRY: But you were just grabbing on to them to save your life. If you were drowning and I threw you a life preserver, you think you could tell me if it was an inflatable?
ELAINE: I wouldn't have said anything if I knew you were going to stop seeing her!
JERRY: Well, I don't mind someone with a phony personality, but I gotta draw the line somewhere.
(Kramer enters.)
KRAMER: Hey!
JERRY: Hey. George off to Detroit?
KRAMER: Yep! And, in two days, I'm off to Puerto Rico.
ELAINE: Hey Kramer, by the way, I saw that guy at the health club...that is not Salman Rushdie.
KRAMER: Pffft - wrong.
[New scene - Kramer and Jerry at the health club. They see "Salman Rushdie" talking to Sidra.]
JERRY: There's Sidra.
KRAMER: There's Salman.
JERRY: Where?
KRAMER: Talkin' to that woman.
JERRY: Talkin' to Sidra?
KRAMER: If that's Sidra, she's talkin' to Salman.
JERRY: I don't think that's Salman.
KRAMER: Well, I don't think they're real.
JERRY: If that's Rushdie, they're real.
KRAMER: If they're real, that's Rushdie.
JERRY: Well, I gotta know - I'm talkin' to Sidra.
KRAMER: I gotta know, I'm talkin' to Salman.
[New scene - Kramer and "Salman" sitting in the sauna together.]
KRAMER: It's like a sauna in here, huh? I feel like I'm...back at the desert.
"SALMAN": You've lived in the desert?
KRAMER: Oh, yeah. Yeah, I've uh...I've spent a little time in the Mideast. You ever been to the Mideast?
"SALMAN": Yes, I've been there.
KRAMER: My name's Kramer.
"SALMAN" (shakes Kramer's hand): Sal Bass. Pleased to meet you, Kramer.
KRAMER: So, uh...what kind of work do you do?
"SALMAN": I'm a writer.
[New scene - George and Betsy at Aunt Clarice's wake in Detroit.]
BETSY (to Aunt May): Have you met my boyfriend George?
AUNT MAY: No! (shakes George's hand.)
BETSY: George, this is Aunt May, and Father Jessup. Oh, and that's my brother, Timmy. (Timmy smiles thinly.) This is my boyfriend, George.
AUNT MAY: Oh George, how nice of you to come all this way.
GEORGE: Well, I'm the boyfriend. Otherwise, what's the point of being the boyfriend? This is where you have to be when you're the boyfriend.
AUNT MAY: Betsy, dear, have you had anything to eat?
BETSY: I'm not very hungry.
AUNT MAY: They have some very nice snacks.
FATHER JESSUP: I'm about to get myself a snack.
(Betsy starts to go for a snack.)
GEORGE: Oh, no, no, no...you sit right here...I will get you a nice snack.
(George goes into the other room and meets Father Jessup.)
FATHER JESSUP: This is my third wake this month. It never gets any easier.
GEORGE (loading up his plate with sandwiches): Well, losing a loved is, uh...I mean, forget about it. (Starts wolfing down the sandwiches.)
FATHER JESSUP: You seem to be of great comfort to Betsy, we're very appreciative.
GEORGE: Oh - comfort, schmomfort. Listen, Father, can I ask you a question? In a terrible time like this...who would I get the death certificate from?
[New scene - Jerry and Kramer entering Jerry's apartment after returning from the health club.]
KRAMER: C'mon Jerry!
JERRY: Oh, how can you be so sure?
KRAMER: Jerry, are you blind? He's a writer. He said his name was Sal Bass. Bass, Jerry! Instead of salmon, he went with bass! He just substituted one fish for another!
JERRY: Look, you idiot, first of all, it's Salman, not salmon!
KRAMER: Jerry, Jerry, you're missing the big picture!
JERRY: Alright, maybe it is, but listen, I gotta get ready - Sidra's coming over in a few minutes, so if you don't mind...
KRAMER: What, did you ask her?
JERRY: I'm gonna find out tonight.
KRAMER (nods): Oh, yes indeed...
[Cut back to George at the wake in Detroit.]
DR. ALLENWOOD: Why do you need a death certificate?
GEORGE: Well, Dr, Allenwood, uh...I was hoping to compile an - admittedly, rudimentary - scrapbook of her life. Something that Betsy could have, and hold onto.
DR. ALLENWOOD: Well, I suppose I could make a copy of it.
GEORGE: Oh, that would be wonderful.
DR. ALLENWOOD: It was very nice meeting you, George.
GEORGE: Likewise.
(George walks over to the snack table as Timmy watches him from across the room. He takes a chip from the bowl, dips it, takes a bite, and then dips again. Timmy hurriedly comes over.)
TIMMY: What are you doing?
GEORGE: What?
TIMMY: Did...did you just double-dip that chip?
GEORGE: Excuse me?
TIMMY: You double-dipped the chip!
GEORGE: "Double-dipped"? What are you talking about?
TIMMY: You dipped the chip. You took a bite. (points at the dip) And you dipped again.
GEORGE: So...?
TIMMY: That's like putting your whole mouth right in the dip! From now on, when you take a chip - just take one dip and end it!
GEORGE: Well, I'm sorry, Timmy...but I don't dip that way. (takes a chip.)
TIMMY: Oh, you don't, huh?
GEORGE: No. (dips the chip) You dip the way you want to dip...(bites the chip) I'll dip the way I want to dip. (dips the chip again.)
TIMMY: Gimme the chip! (Grabs George and the chip goes flying.) Gimme the chip! (They struggle in front of the snack table.)
[New scene - Night-time; Jerry and Sidra in Jerry's apartment.]
SIDRA: I don't know what I'm doing here, I must be crazy. (Moves to the couch and sits on the left side. Jerry tries to run over and beat her to it, but doesn't make it. He sits down on the right side.)
JERRY: Hey, would you mind switching seats?
SIDRA: Why?
JERRY: Oh, I don't know...I just like sitting to the left of people, makes me feel like I'm driving.
SIDRA: O.K....(they switch places.)
JERRY: How ya doin'?
SIDRA: Good. How you doin'?
JERRY: Good, feel good...you know that Jayne Mansfield had some big breasts. Really big, huge...just coming out the top of her dress, they were like, chokin' her.
SIDRA: I hear that's how she died.
JERRY: Have you noticed that women today are, you know, they seem...bigger.
SIDRA: Well, a lot of women are having them done.
JERRY: Really?
SIDRA: Yeah.
JERRY: How do you like that.
SIDRA: A lot of people ask me if I've had mine done.
JERRY: Aw, you know people.
SIDRA: It gets a little tiring, it's really none of their business.
JERRY: Oh, the nerve. You know, some people have asked me if you've uh, done that.
SIDRA: What do you tell them?
JERRY: Whatever you want me to tell them.
SIDRA: Well, I think you'll find out soon enough. (They prepare to kiss. There's a loud bang on the door.) Aren't you going to get that?
JERRY: No.
SIDRA: What if it's an emergency?
JERRY: Oh, there's no emergency...
KRAMER (in hallway): Jerry! C'mon, it's an emergency!
JERRY: Excuse me. (Gets up and answers the door.) Alright, what is it? You're interrupting!
KRAMER: Well, you know, I'm packing for Puerto Rico, I need to borrow your bathing suit.
JERRY: This is an emergency? You need a bathing suit?
KRAMER: Well, I like yours.
JERRY: I don't know, my bathing suit? That's a little familiar, I don't want your...your boys down there.
KRAMER: C'mon, what's wrong with my boys?
JERRY: Your boys should stay in their neighborhood.
KRAMER: Alright, c'mon!
JERRY: Alright. It's in the top drawer. Hurry up. (Kramer goes to get the suit. Elaine enters.)
ELAINE: Hi, Jer.
JERRY: Oh, hi, Elaine.
ELAINE: Oh...hi, Sidra -
SIDRA: Hi...Elaine? (Kramer comes back into the living room.)
JERRY (to Elaine): What are you doing here?
ELAINE: I'm looking for Kramer.
KRAMER: Yeah, she was just showing me pictures of places I can visit when I go to Puerto Rico...you know, when you two went down there?
JERRY: Oh. yeah. Alright. (pushes Kramer and Elaine out the door, then sits next to Sidra on the couch.) So, where were we?
SIDRA: I was just leaving.
JERRY: Right, you were leaving.
SIDRA: I can't believe you sent a woman into the sauna to do that.
JERRY: That was an accident!
SIDRA: I think you're both mentally ill. (leaves, then opens the door again.) And by the way...they're real, and they're spectacular. (Sidra leaves.)
[Cut back to an exterior shot of the funeral home in Detroit. We hear the commotion of George and Timmy fighting.]
BETSY: Stop it, George! Get out! Get out! I never want to see you again!
DR. ALLENWOOD: Go back to New York! Get out!
[New scene of a disheveled George at the airport in Detroit, talking to Clerk no. 2.]
CLERK 2: Alright sir, now all I need is a death certificate and you'll be on your way.
GEORGE: Well, you see, what happened was...the doctor - the very same doctor that was attending to my late aunt - suffered an untimely stroke, and lost the use of his right hand, so...obviously I was unable to get the death certificate. However, I do have this. (Reaches inside his coat and takes out a Polaroid photo.)
CLERK 2: What's this?
GEORGE: That's a picture of me next to the coffin.
(We see a photo of George standing next to a coffin.)
CLERK 2: Nice try.
GEORGE: Not even close, huh?
[Opening monologue]
JERRY: You can't just *have* an adultery-- you *commit* adultery. And you can't even *commit* adultery unless you already *have* a commitment. So you have to make the commitment before you can even think about committing it. There's no commit without the commit. Then, once you commit, then you can commit the adultery. Then you can get caught, get divorced, lose your mind and they have you committed. But y'know some people actually *cheat* on the people that they're cheating with. Which is like, y'know, being in a hold up and then turning to the robber next to you and goin' Alright, gimme everything you have, too''.
[Jerry's apartment, Jerry's unloading groceries.]
GEORGE: You met her at the supermarket? How did you do that?
JERRY: (flips a roll of paper towels in the air) Produce section. *Very* provocative area. A lot of melons and shapes. Everyone's squeezing and smelling... It just happened.
GEORGE: (laughs-hu) So when're you gonna see her?
JERRY: Tonight.
GEORGE: What's her name?
JERRY: I... don't... know...
GEORGE: How could you not know her name?
JERRY: I was a little nervous, I got distracted. It has something to do with a car, or a fish...
(Jerry interrupts himself to pick up a pile of black bananas on his counter)
JERRY: Look at that. Why do I get bananas? They're good for *one* day...
(Tosses the bananas back in the bowl and goes back to unpacking the grocery bag.)
GEORGE: Oh my God, I forgot to tell you. I got a letter today from the State Controller's Office. Y'know when I was going to public school back in Brooklyn, every week I used to put fifty cents in the Lincoln Savings Bank.
JERRY: Yeah, I did that too.
GEORGE: Yeah, You remember the, the little eh, bank book, there?
JERRY: Sure.
GEORGE: Alright, so I haven't put anything in it since sixth grade, I completely forgot about it. The State Controller's Office tracks me down. The interest has accumulated to 1,900 dollars. 1,900 dollars! They're sending me a cheque!
JERRY: Wow!
GEORGE: Hu-Yeah, interest. It's an amazing thing. You make money without doing anything...
JERRY: Y'know I have some friends who try and base their whole life on that principle.
GEORGE: Really? Who?
JERRY: Nobody you know...
GEORGE: Maybe I'll go down to the track. Put it all on a horse...
JERRY: Why don't you put it in the *bank*?
GEORGE: The *bank*? This is *found* money. I want to *parlay* it. I wanna make a big score!
JERRY: *Oh*, you mean you wanna *lose* it...
(Kramer Enters. Jerry flips him a pack of dishwashing gloves he picked up for him at the grocery store.)
KRAMER: Yeah... All right....Ya got it, eh.
JERRY: Yes I did.
KRAMER: Yes.
GEORGE: What's with the gloves?
KRAMER: Well, I'm staining my floors, y'know, I don't want to get my hands dirty...
GEORGE: Huh. What, the whole apartment?
KRAMER: The whole apartment. And I'm buying that fake wood wallpaper. I'm gonna surround myself in wood. It's gonna be like a log cabin. 'Cuz I *need* wood around me. Wood, Jerry [Snaps fingers]... Wood.
JERRY: Wood is good.
KRAMER: Definitely.
JERRY: So we're still going to the health club to play racquetball right?
KRAMER: Yeah, yeah, whenever you're ready.
JERRY: O.K., soon as Elaine gets here.
KRAMER: Yep.
[Kramer exits]
JERRY: What, you rented "Home Alone"?
GEORGE: Yeah.
JERRY: I thought you saw that already...
GEORGE: No, I saw "Home Alone II".
JERRY: Oh, right... But you *hated* it!
GEORGE: Well I was lost, I never saw the first one. By the way, you mind if I watch it here?
JERRY: What for?
GEORGE: Because if I watch it at my apartment I feel like I'm not doing anything. If I watch it here, I'm out of the house; I'm doing something.
JERRY: All right.. Go ahead.
[Intercom buzzes - Jerry walks over to answer it. George puts the tape in the VCR.]
JERRY: Yeah?
ELAINE: (on the intercom) It's me, are you ready to go?
JERRY: No. Come on up.
[Kramer enters wearing the gloves Jerry got him.]
KRAMER: I can't work with these!
JERRY: What's wrong?
KRAMER: Well, you bought me dishwashing gloves. There's no *fine touch*...
JERRY: You said "gloves"...
KRAMER: No, no, these are too thick. (removes the gloves/tosses them on the kitchen counter)
KRAMER: Oooh, is that "Home Alone"?
GEORGE: Yeah. The *original*.
(Elaine Enters)
ELAINE: Hey Boys-O!
EVERYONE: (in unison) Heyyyyyyyy.
KRAMER: Hey, how's it goin'?
ELAINE: Hello.
JERRY: (to Kramer) Hey (snaps fingers) get your stuff, let's get going.
(Kramer get up to leave, but)
ELAINE: Well wait a minute, there's a slight change of plans.
JERRY: What?
ELAINE: eh, Remember Roy, the artist?
JERRY: Oh, the "triangle" guy.
ELAINE: Yeah, exactly, the "triangle" guy.
JERRY: Yeah, you liked him. What happened with him?
ELAINE: Yeah I did. He was very talented. He was, ah just, I don't know a little too...
JERRY: Artsy?
ELAINE: Fat.
JERRY: Oh. (unh - very quiet sigh)
ELAINE: He was a fat, starving artist, y'know. That's very rare.
JERRY: Yeah.
ELAINE: Anyway, he's in the hospital, he's having surgery and I feel like should go visit him.
JERRY: What's wrong with him?
ELAINE: Unh, something with his spleen. Anyway it'll just take five minutes, O.K., and then, the hospital is right on the way.
KRAMER: Yeah. (putting hand to his mouth, hatching a thought)
JERRY: All right we'll wait for you.
KRAMER: Yeah, maybe I can get some rubber gloves there huh, yea.
[Kramer exits]
ELAINE: Listen, Jerry can you do me a favor? (clears throat) Could you, go into the room with me to visit him because ah, I don't want him to think that I'm, y'know... interested.
JERRY: Oh, you want me to pretend to be your boyfriend.
ELAINE: Well...
JERRY: Well I think I can do that. I believe I've played that role before to some critical acclaim.
ELAINE: Aha ha ha (laugh)
[Kramer enters, standing in the open doorway holding a sports bag]
KRAMER: All right, lets go.
JERRY: All right (picks up his sports bag)
KRAMER: Yep yep yep.
(Elaine notices George is staying behind)
ELAINE: What's with him?
JERRY: Y'know a lot of people have asked that...
[EXTERIOR shot of the hospital with cars driving by -- then INTERIOR of Roy's hospital room. Roy is lying in bed, resting. At the Hospital, Elaine and Jerry enter -- finding the triangle? man's room]
ELAINE: Roy!
ROY: *Elaine*! What a *surprise*. (sitting up)
ELAINE: (gasp) Oh, my *God*! I hardly recognize you! You look so...
ROY: Yeah, ya know, I've lost some weight...
ELAINE: A *lot* of weight. (enthusiastically)
ROY: I know.
ELAINE: Aha hu, You look *terrific*.
ROY: Thank you. So do you.
ELAINE: Ah hahaha hhuu ha (flirty laughing)
(Elaine introduces Jerry the boyfriend? to Roy)
ELAINE: Ah, This is... uh... you *really* lost weight.
ROY: Thank you.
(Since Elaine is preoccupied, thinking about Roy, Jerry takes it upon himself to be introduced and sticks out his hand.)
JERRY: Jerry, uh, I'm the boyfriend. (puts his arm around Elaine's shoulder, but she shrugs it off twice)
[While Roy, Elaine and Jerry are talking -- Kramer is out in the hallway looking for some thinner gloves on a hospital cart.]
HOSPITAL VOICEOVER: Doctor Wittenberg, Outside call. Doctor Wittenberg, Outside call.
(Kramer opens a door)
WOMAN: AHAaaaaaaaaa! (scream)
KRAMER: (a bit startled) Ahh.
(he takes a few steps down the hallway and sees another door to try).
HOSPITAL VOICEOVER: Doctor Wittenberg, Outside call.
KRAMER: Ah, the mother lode! (the door squeaks a bit as he pushes it open)
[George sits on the couch in the darkened apartment -- watching Home Alone, and eating a bag of popcorn -- 6 seconds of funny dramatic music from the movie play during the scene]
[Back in Roy's room, Elaine is sitting on the bed, close to Roy -- Jerry sits in a chair in the corner]
ELAINE: I can't believe it! You were *huge*! Like blubber! I couldn't even get my arms around you...
ROY: Yesss, I remember.
ELAINE: Ahahaha. Well that's the positive thing about getting sick, you get to lose weight.
ROY: Elaine, it wasn't the illness. It was you.
ELAINE: Me?
ROY: (quietly- yeah) After you stopped seeing me, I was devastated. I couldn't eat for weeks.
ELAINE: *Get* *out*!
ROY: Really, it's the truth.
ELAINE: Jerry, did you hear this? He couldn't eat for weeks...
JERRY: That's terrible...
ELAINE: I had no idea I had that kind of effect on you.
(Jerry gets up and starts playing with a Yo-Yo)
ROY: You did.
JERRY: You know I can't get this *damn thing* to sleep. (about the Yo-Yo)
ELAINE: Now listen Roy, tell me something. When, are you gettin' out of here?
ROY: Next Thursday.
ELAINE: Okay, I'll tell you what. How about on Friday I take you out for a *big* meal because *you* are getting *too* thin...
[Jerry the boyfriend? seems to have a problem with this -- and the two exchange in a banter as they speak to each other in super-polite, higher-pitched voices.]
JERRY: Honey... Aren't we going to the Poconos next Friday?
ELAINE: No that's the week after.
JERRY: No, I believe it's next week.
ELAINE: You're wrong.
JERRY: No I'm not...
ELAINE: Shut up...
(Kramer comes back in the room with a mitt full o' gloves.)
KRAMER: Pay dirt! (holding up the hand full of gloves. He looks behind himself as the door closes)
ELAINE: Uh Roy, this is uh Kramer -- he's one of our friends.
ROY: Oh, How do you do?
KRAMER: Yeah... I do great, yeah.
[Roy's doctor enters the room.]
DOCTOR: Hi Roy.
ROY: Oh, hey Dr. Siegel.
JERRY: Hey Doc, check this out. [does an around-the-world with the Yo-Yo]
KRAMER: Heey.
JERRY: I *just* learned that. (proudly holding the Yo-Yo)
DOCTOR: A-hu. (The doctor is at a loss)
DOCTOR: I just wanted to stop by -- see if you had any questions about tomorrow's operation.
KRAMER: Ah, Yeah Yeah, I have a - I have a question, um -- What do you know about inter-abdominal retractors?
DOCTOR: Are you asking because you saw "20/20" last night?
KRAMER: I sure am.
DOCTOR: Well that report was about *one* very specific type of retractor and I can assure you we do not use that retractor in your friend's procedure.
KRAMER: But you *will* use... a retractor.
DOCTOR: We have to...
KRAMER: Mmm-hmm... (turns and walks away, makes a face, raises his eyebrows, nodding his head, then turns back to the group.)
DOCTOR: Tell you what. You're obviously concerned about your friend's welfare. A few of my students will be observing tomorrow's operation from the viewing gallery. How would you like to watch it with them?
KRAMER: I'd love to watch the operation, yeah!
JERRY: I dunno...
KRAMER: Oh, come on Jerry. You gotta see the operation. They're gonna cut him open -- His guts'll be all over the place...
JERRY: Yeah, that's true...
KRAMER: ...They'll saw through bone. Uuuuuuuing yutyutyutyutn naannnaaa [makes saw noises while gesturing over Roy's chest] You'll see what's *inside* bone...
[Jerry's apartment. George is finishing watching the movie, music playing -- he is crying]
GEORGE: Ttu (wipes nose and sniffs) Ttu.
[Jerry enters]
JERRY: Hey.
GEORGE: Hi...
JERRY: What are doing, you crying??
GEORGE: No... (takes off his glasses and wipes his eyes with his sleeve)
JERRY: You crying from "Home Alone"??
GEORGE: The old man got to me.
JERRY: Alright, just get yourself together... I dunno if I can be friends with you anymore after this display.
GEORGE: Oh Shut up! What are you doing back so soon, anyway? (puts the tape back in it's case.)
JERRY: Oh, I never even got to the gym. Kramer got the gloves, wanted to come home and start working on his floor.
GEORGE: Oh. How's the guy?
JERRY: Oh, he's okay. In fact him and Elaine are getting ah, pretty chummy. Now Elaine wants me to buy some of his art. (opens the fridge and gets a bottle of water.)
GEORGE: Hnh. That's nerve...
JERRY: Yeah, so she and "Triangle Boy" can go out to fancy restaurants. (takes a sip of water)
GEORGE: Y'know what it is? It's "Clara Nightingale Syndrome." He falls ill; she falls in love.
JERRY: You mean Florence Nightingale. **
(** Footnote: see short bio at end of script **)
GEORGE: What'd I say? Clara?
JERRY: Yeah, you must have meant Clara Barton. **
(** Footnote: see short bio at end of script **)
GEORGE: Clara Barton? What did she do?
JERRY: I'm not sure, but I think she was nice. (takes a sip of water)
GEORGE: Susan B. Anthony** I think I'd have a problem with.
(** Footnote: see short bio at end of script **)
JERRY: Yeah, I think you would.
GEORGE: So, you gonna buy his art?
JERRY: No. Why don't you buy it? You got 1,900 dollars.
GEORGE: Yeah, that's what I want-- triangles. Alright, I'm outta here. Have fun with what's-her-name.
JERRY: I will.
GEORGE: Y'know, now you gotta ask her her name. It's so embarrassing.
JERRY: No, it isn't. I can find out.
GEORGE: Yeah? How?
JERRY: There are ways.
[Later, the mystery woman and Jerry are sitting on the couch]
JERRY: Y'know I remember when I was a kid growin up, kids would make fun of my name like you wouldn't believe-- "Jerry Jerry Dingleberry", and-hu "Seinsmelled"...
WOMAN: "Seinsmelled"?
JERRY: Yeah. a-hu. What about you? Did people make fun of your name?
WOMAN: Are you kidding? They were merciless! What do you expect when your name rhymes with a part of the female anatomy?
(They both laugh, she leans in and kisses his ear and they hug. Jerry looks confused. She leans back --)
WOMAN: (con't) Of course, not everybody can be as sweet as you are.
(They embrace and a couple of light kisses and a hug)
WOMAN: Oh, oh Jerry...
JERRY: Oh... *you*...
[Exterior shot of Monks Restaurant then inside to Jerry and George sitting in the usual booth. Seems like it's the next day -- they're in the middle of a conversation when we join them.]
GEORGE: Now let's try "breast"... Celeste... Kest...
JERRY: No.
GEORGE: Rest... Sest... Hest...
JERRY: "Hest"? That's not a name.
GEORGE: What, you should've just asked her.
JERRY: I know, I should've asked her.
GEORGE: What're you gonna do now?
JERRY: I dunno. I can't ask her now; I've already made out with her. Once you make out with a woman, you can't ask her her name.
GEORGE: Aretha! (points finger at Jerry)
JERRY: No...
GEORGE: Bovary! (points finger again at Jerry)
JERRY: Alright, that's enough. (sips coffee)
GEORGE: Alright, well you know what'cha gotta do, you gotta go through her purse. Y'know, the-the credit cards, driver's license...
JERRY: How am I gonna do that?
GEORGE: When she goes to the bathroom.
[Kramer enters]
KRAMER: Ah, (smacks hands) there you are. My date stood me up. Listen, will you guys go to the operation with me?
JERRY: You asked a date to go to the operation?
KRAMER: Yeah... So c'mon, (smacks hands and rubs them together) what d'you say?
GEORGE: What kind of operation is it?
KRAMER: Spleenectomy.
GEORGE: Isn't that where they remove the--
KRAMER: No No, Don't ruin it for me, I haven't seen it yet! Ah-C'mon, what d'you say?
GEORGE: Mulva! (again pointing finger at Jerry -- Kramer watches the exchange back and forth)
JERRY: Mulva? (waves off George with his hand)
KRAMER: C'mon, C'mon. You wanna go? (pats Jerry a couple times on the shoulder quietly) C'mon. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
JERRY: Alright, alright. Just let me finish my coffee... then we'll watch 'em go slice this fat bastard up. (sips coffee)
[Exterior of the hospital then cut to the operating room where Jerry and Kramer, dressed in green scrubs and head cover, are seated in the front row of the viewing gallery directly overlooking the table below. There's no glass in front of them, so they can look right over the edge. Several students are also in the gallery behind them. The sounds of beep, beep, beep from the heart monitor, and the breathing from the patients oxygen mask are a constant throughout the scene]
DOCTOR: Now we'll open the peritoneal cavity, exposing the body's internal organs. Nurse-- retractor.
(Kramer gets a box of candy out and pours a few into his hand and starts to munch)
JERRY: What are you eating?
KRAMER: Junior Mints. Do you want one?
JERRY: No...
KRAMER: Now, I can't see..... Psst.... Psst...
(The entire surgical team stops and looks up at him. Kramer motions to a nurse to get out of the way so he can see.)
KRAMER: ... Cou, ye, ge...
(The doctor shakes his head in disbelief and returns to the surgical procedure)
KRAMER: Y-ea (pours a few more Junior Mints into his hand and eats them)
JERRY: Where'd you get those?
KRAMER: The machine. You want one?
JERRY: No.
KRAMER: Here, take one.
JERRY: I don't want one.
KRAMER: No, they're good! Take one..
JERRY: I don't want any!
KRAMER: Just take one.
JERRY: No! Stop it! Kramer, stop it!
[As they struggle to force the Junior Mint on each other, Jerry pushes Kramers' hand away and -- in slow motion with the sound of a beating heart to emphasize the event -- The Junior Mint is launched into the air towards the operating table and, well, in a word: "Bingo" -- with a small "splat" sound -- falls into Roy, the patient. The surgical team looks around puzzled as to what just happened -- but they continue on with the operation)
[Jerry and Kramer look around at the other students and at each other in amazement as to what just happened]
JERRY: (pointing at the operation he mouths the words) Did it go in?
KRAMER: Ge--
(Camera fade to black with familiar Seinfeld music)
[Jerry's apartment where he is obviously relating the day's events to George.]
JERRY: ...Over the balcony, bounced off some respirator thing *into* the patient!
GEORGE: What do you mean "into the patient"?
JERRY: Into the patient, *literally*!
GEORGE: Into the hole?
JERRY: Yes, the hole!
GEORGE: Didn't they notice it?
JERRY: No!
GEORGE: How could they not notice it?!?
JERRY: Because it's a little mint. It's a *Junior* Mint.
GEORGE: W-ca-What did they do?
JERRY: They sealed him up with the mint inside.
GEORGE: They *left* the Junior Mint *in* him?
JERRY: Yes!
GEORGE: I-I guess it can't hurt him... People eat *pounds* of those things.
JERRY: Yes they *eat* them. They don't put them next to vital organs in their abdominal cavity!
[Intercom buzzes - Jerry answers it. George goes to the fridge]
JERRY: Yeah.
ELAINE: It's me.
JERRY: Come on up.
[Kramer enters with a sheet of the wood? wallpaper]
KRAMER: Hey. This wallpaper is *very* good. My place looks like a ski lodge!
JERRY: Why did you force that mint on me? I told ya I didn't want the mint!
KRAMER: Well, I didn't believe you.
JERRY: How could you not believe me?!?
KRAMER: Well who's gonna turn down a Junior Mint? It's chocolate, it's peppermint-- it's *delicious*!
JERRY: That's true.
KRAMER: It's very refreshing!
JERRY: Well, just don't say anything about this to Elaine...
[Elaine enters the apartment, looking forlorn and morose...]
ELAINE: Prognosis... negative.
JERRY: Prognosis *negative*!?
ELAINE: He's not doing well, the doctors don't know what it is. They're baffled.
JERRY and KRAMER: Oh, my God...
ELAINE: Just my luck, y'know... just when he's getting thin and attractive. Y'know Jerry, you should buy some of his art. That would really lift his spirits.
GEORGE: It's that bleak? (pours a glass of milk)
ELAINE: Mmm... (Elaine goes to the bathroom)
GEORGE: Y'know if the guy dies, the art could really be worth something...
JERRY: We gotta confess.
KRAMER: Really?
JERRY: Yes!
KRAMER: We could be tried for murder...
JERRY: I can't have this on my conscience. We're like Leopold and Loeb! **
(** Footnote: see short bio at end of script **)
KRAMER: You're not gonna say anything, you got that?
JERRY: I'm telling and you can't stop me!
KRAMER: You're *not*!!!
(Elaine comes out of the bathroom -- just in time before Jerry and Kramer resort to fisticuffs).
GEORGE: Hey Elaine? Put me down for some of that art. 1,900 dollars worth.
[Kramer, Jerry and Elaine look at George like they can't believe he would do that. George raises a toast? with his glass of milk. He has a large sandwich in his other hand.]
[Later, at Jerry's apartment, the Mystery Woman gives him a massage.]
JERRY: Oh yeah, that's the spot...
WOMAN: What're you so tense about?
JERRY: Oh, nothing really, just a homicide. [She finds the right spot on his back] Oh that's terrific... Mulva.
WOMAN: What?
JERRY: Mulva?
WOMAN: Mulva?
JERRY: Oh my eh, my Aunt's name is Mulva. She's-she's a masseuse.
WOMAN: huh.
JERRY: Yeah.
WOMAN: Um, I'm going to the bathroom. I'll be right back.
JERRY: Oh, good idea...
(She walks into the bathroom and closes the door. Jerry gets up quickly and opens her purse to look for an ID, but she comes back suddenly, catching him with the open purse.)
WOMAN: What are you doing?
JERRY: Oh, I was just looking for er, some... gum or... mint.
WOMAN: Oh, I have Junior Mints.
JERRY: No! [throws her purse back at her] No, I mean, no thank you, nah...
(She turns and walks back into the bathroom taking her purse with her.)
(Stealthy Kramer enters the apartment)
KRAMER: Any news?
JERRY: [whispering] No, no news. You better get out of here.
KRAMER: Oh.
JERRY: Oh No, wait a second... Wait a second... I-I don't know the name of this woman in the bathroom, so when she comes out, you introduce yourself and then she'll be forced to say her name.
KRAMER: 10-4.
JERRY: O.K. (closes the apartment door)
WOMAN: Oh, hello.
KRAMER: Hello, I'm Kramer.
WOMAN: Nice to meet you.
KRAMER: See you later. (He promptly turns and leaves)
WOMAN: Well, I better get going. I don't want to be late for the play. (Grabs her coat.)
JERRY: Oh, okay.
WOMAN: Y'know my cousin knows the producer. I may get to go backstage and meet Olympia Dukakis.
JERRY: Oh, Hey, there's a name you don't forget.
WOMAN: Mm. Bye Jerry.
JERRY: Bye.
[They kiss. She turns and opens the door to leave. In the hallway, George is just reaching for the door knob as she opens the door. He has three more videos with him to watch at Jerry's -- the movie on top looks to be "Pretty Woman", in which Jason Alexander plays an evil lawyer)
WOMAN: Oh, hi.
GEORGE: Oh, Hi, I'm George. (they shake hands)
WOMAN: Oh, Nice to meet you, George.
[She leaves]
GEORGE: Yeahaha, I gave it a shot (pats Jerry on the arm)... So, any word on the "artiste"? (puts a video in the VCR)
JERRY: No, I haven't heard anything.
GEORGE: Hehe. Well, I got my triangles. (sitting on the couch)
JERRY: Really...
GEORGE: Yup, y'know, they really spruce up the apartment.
JERRY: Yeah, I'm sure...
JERRY: Well, I-I gotta call the Hospital. I gotta tell 'em what happened.
GEORGE: No-no Jerry. I wouldn't do that.
JERRY: Why?
GEORGE: Ehh, You could get in trouble.
JERRY: Look, I gotta try and help the guy.
GEORGE: Who are you to play God!? Every man's time comes! If his number is up, who are you to interfere!?
JERRY: Yes I'd like to speak with Dr. Siegel... it's about Roy Kordic's condition...
GEORGE: W-What? What?
JERRY: Oh, that's *fantastic*!
GEORGE: He didn't get better, did he?
JERRY: Thank you very much. O.K. Bye-bye. He's gonna be okay!
GEORGE: Where's the luck? There's no luck. 1,900 dollars down the drain.
[Exterior of the Hospital then into Roy's room. Roy is recovering with a huge plate ofspaghetti. Jerry, Elaine, Kramer and George are visiting]
ROY: You saved my life, George. You buying my art is what inspired me to get better. I'll never forget what'cha did for me.
GEORGE: Oh, well th-that's great. It's really great. Hm hm mm.
KRAMER: Y'know, art's a great investment.
ELAINE: And they're gonna look great in your apartment, George.
GEORGE: Yes I look forward to many years of... looking at the triangles. Well, I'll ah, I'll wait for you outside.
ROY: Hey, George...
GEORGE: Yeah.
(Roy puts his hand out -- George takes it, but Roy pulls him in and kisses him on the cheek. George is a bit surprised but does not let on -- he claps his other hand to Roy's)
KRAMER: Awe, alright
JERRY: That's nice.
GEORGE: Thanks Roy.
[George leaves as the Doctor enters the room]
ROY: Heeyy - there's the guy who saved my life. (points at the doctor.)
DOCTOR: Y'know... I don't want to totally discount the emotional element in your recovery but, I think there were other factors at play here.
JERRY: What do you mean?
DOCTOR: I have no medical evidence to back me up but, something happened during the operation that staved off that infection. Something beyond science. Something perhaps, from above...
(Kramer reaches into his shirt pocket and takes out a box of Junior mints -- he rattles it.)
KRAMER: Mint?
DOCTOR: Those can be very refreshing.
(Kramer shakes a couple of mints from the box into the doctor's hand. The doctor turns and exits.)
(Roy is thinking about Elaine while continuing to eating the giant plate of spaghetti like an absolute pig.)
ROY: So Elaine... Where are we going for our big dinner on Friday? (takes a big mouthful of spaghetti)
ELAINE: Uh-m, uh I'm so sorry Roy, but actually, we are going to the, Poconos on Friday, right honey? (pointing to Jerrythe boyfriend?)
JERRY: I don't think so...
ELAINE: We are... that means that we ah, we are...
JERRY: I believe we're not...
ELAINE: (Catching another glimpse of Roy eating) Hunh, Please can we go to the Poconos?
JERRY: Well, I'll think about it...
[Exterior of Jerry's apartment building then inside where Jerry and the woman are talking...]
WOMAN: Great seats. You could see the actors spitting.
JERRY: Really...
WOMAN: Uh-huh. And afterwards we went backstage and Olympia Dukakis autographed my playbill.
JERRY: Oh, Wait a second, you got her autograph?
WOMAN: Yeah.
JERRY: Do you have it with you?
WOMAN: Yeah, it's in my purse.
JERRY: Ah, Le'me see. (hands Jerry the playbill)
WOMAN: Y'know I really think I'm falling for you, Jerry Seinfeld. (stands up, a quick kiss on the cheek and hugs him.)
WOMAN: Oh, well, I really think I'm falling for you... [opens the playbill and flips five pages till he finds and reads autograph] .....Joseph Puglia...
WOMAN: I had it autographed for my uncle.
JERRY: Yeah, I-I know...
WOMAN: (licks he lips) You don't know my name, do you?
JERRY: Yes I do.
WOMAN: What is it?
JERRY: It-it rhymes with a female body part.
WOMAN: What is it?
JERRY: Mulva...
(She turns and grabs her purse, playbill and coat and leaves the apartment. Jerry follows)
JERRY: Aub, ah, Gipple?
(He stands in the open doorway and tries again)
JERRY: Loleola?
(Nope, obviously not. He closes the door and and goes to get something out of the refrigerator, but before the fridge light can even go on, a light goes on in Jerry's head and he rushes to the window to catch the Mystery Woman before she gets out of earshot.)
JERRY: Oh! Oh! *Delores*!
[Closing monologue.]
JERRY: Ages zero through ten, candy is your life. There's nothing else. Family, friends, school-- they're only obstacles in the way of getting more candy. And you have your favorite candies that you love. You know the ones I love those... I hate those...''. ``I hate those... I love those...''. And only a seven year old kid could actually taste the difference between like a red M&M and a light brown, M&M. That's two totally different things when you're seven years old. "Well, your red is more of a main course M&M, but the brown it's more of a mellower flavor; it's an after dinner M&M, really''.
[Opening Monologue]
JERRY: ...And it *is* embarrassing, because a doggie bag means either you are out at a restaurant when you aren't hungry, or you've chosen the stupidest possible way to get dog food that there is. How about the doggie bag on a date? That's a good move for a guy, huh? Lemme tell you something: if you're a guy and you ask for the doggie bag on a date, you might as well have them just wrap up your genitals too. You're not going to be needing those for awhile, either.
[We open in front of a restaurant ("Kady's") with Jerry and Elaine waiting for the valet to come and get the keys for Jerry's car. Jerry is amusing himself by trying to drive Elaine nuts by humming and waving his scarf in front of her face.]
JERRY: Is that bothering you?
ELAINE: No, not at all...
(Amazing resilience, that Elaine has. The valet comes and Jerry gives him the keys. Elaine has some advice.)
ELAINE: Oh, could you please hurry?
JERRY: [mockingly] "Please hurry". Look at you. Look at what you've become.
ELAINE: What? What have I become? I haven't "become" anything...
JERRY: Oh, *Carl* can't wait a few more minutes?
ELAINE: I don't want to keep him waiting...
JERRY: He'll like you more...
ELAINE: That's impossible...
(I'll buy that... Anyhoots, an elder married couple saunter by (yes, they actually saunter)...
WIFE: Andrew, why do you have to pick your teeth at the table?
HUSBAND: Leave me alone.
JERRY: Yeah, I'm wanting to get married *real* soon...
JERRY: So, where am I dropping you?
ELAINE: His place...
JERRY: This guy's got quite a racket. I take you to dinner and then drop you off at his apartment...
ELAINE: *And* he gets the rest of my chicken...
(No, that's no cleverly hidden euphemism. Elaine has a doggie bag from the restaurant.)
JERRY: So, is tonight "the night"?
ELAINE: You never know...
JERRY: Oooh! Bay-bee *doll*!
(The car arrives. They drive away. Soon, they discover something is definitely amiss)
JERRY: Boy, do you smell something?
ELAINE: Do I smell something? What am I, hard of smelling? Of *course* I smell something.
JERRY: What is it?
ELAINE: I think it's B.O.!
JERRY: What?
ELAINE: It's B.O. The *valet* must have had B.O.
JERRY: It *can't* be. Nobody has B.O. like this.
ELAINE: Jerry. It's *B*.*O*.
JERRY: But the whole car smells.
ELAINE: So?
JERRY: So when somebody has B.O., the "O" usually stays with the "B". Once the "B" leaves, the "O" goes with it.
(They each do their best dog impression and stick their heads out the window while they're driving. They come back inside. They moan disgustedly and stick their heads out, again.)
(We shift to Carl's rather nifty place.)
ELAINE: I can't believe you ski!
CARL: I'm a great skier.
ELAINE: Yeah? What else?
CARL: Let's see... I ski, I fish, I pillage, I plunder...
ELAINE: [delightedly] Oh! You "pillage and plunder"?
CARL: ...When I travel.
ELAINE: See? Finally, *finally* I get to meet a man who pillages and plunders! I'm so lucky.
(Elaine! I can do those things! I can pillage! I can plunder! I can pillage *and* plunder! I can even divide and conquer in a search algorithm! Oh, never mind... They embrace and kiss, but Carl gets a couple o' whiffs of Elaine's hair, and, judging by the look on Carl's face, he's not smelling Aussie Scrunch Spray)
[We shift to Champagne video where George is returning a movie with Kramer.]
GEORGE: This'll only take a second.
KRAMER: Yeah, I'm going to poke around...
(George goes towards the counter, but he sees a couple of girls holding hands browsing for movies (beside of a cardboard display for "A Few Good Men"-- the irony, the irony...)
GEORGE: [to himself] Hey, whatd'ya know? Look at that! A *lesbian* sighting. Oh-ho! My lucky day. They're *so* fascinating. Why is that? Because they don't want us. You gotta respect that...
(The couple turns around and one of the two is Susan, George's ex-girlfriend!)
GEORGE: [to himself] Oh, my God! It's Susan! What do I do?
(George turns around so as not to be recognized, but I'm guessing his distinctive bald head gives him away)
SUSAN: George?
GEORGE: [to himself] Argh! [to Susan] Susan! Hi! Oh, boy! What are you doing here?!
SUSAN: Renting a video! What do you got there?
GEORGE: Oh, ... some stupid movie...
SUSAN: This is Mona.
(George methodically extends his hand for a shake, bit by bit)
GEORGE: Oh, hi...
MONA: Pleasure to meet you.
GEORGE: Yes. Well...
MONA: Well, I'll let you two, uh... catch up.
SUSAN: You okay?
GEORGE: Yeah. Yes! I just haven't seen you in a long time.
SUSAN: And you didn't expect me to be holding hands with a woman.
GEORGE: Oh, *please*! Me? C'mon! That's *great*! Are you kidding? I think thats fan*tastic*! I've always encouraged experimentation! I'm the first guy in the pool! Who do you think you're talking to?
SUSAN: I *know* who I'm talking to.
GEORGE: Of course you do... It's just, uh, y'know, I-I never *knew*, uh, that, uh...
SUSAN: I liked women?
GEORGE: There you go.
GEORGE: So, uh, how long has this been going on?
SUSAN: Since you and I broke up.
GEORGE: Ssssso, after me, you... went that way?
SUSAN: Yeah.
GEORGE: Oh, I think that's fantastic. Good for you. Nice. That's very nice.
(Meanwhile, Kramer is practicing his golf swing across from an amused Mona. They can be seen talking in the background as Susan inspects George's movie)
SUSAN: So, what have you got there?
GEORGE: Oh, I, uh--
SUSAN: Oh, ``Rochelle, Rochelle''
GEORGE: It's a foreign movie... a *film*, is what it is, actually.
SUSAN: Yeah... A lot of nudity in that, huh?
GEORGE: No, no, no... Just a *tiny* bit... It's not even *frontal* nudity. It's... *sidal* nudity...
CLERK: Next.
GEORGE: Oh, that's me.
SUSAN: Alright, well... Good seeing you, George.
GEORGE: Yes, good to see you, too. And Good luck with, uh... with the whole thing, there.
CLERK: Uh, what are you returning?
GEORGE: [embarrassed pause] ``Rochelle, Rochelle''.
CLERK: Ah, ``Rochelle, Rochelle''... "A young girl's strange, erotic journey from Milan to Minsk"...
CLERK: Uh, that'll be, uh... $3.49.
GEORGE: $3.49? It says $1.49.
CLERK: Well, you didn't rewind it. There's a $2.00 charge for not rewinding.
GEORGE: What! There's no signs here! This is an outrage!
KRAMER: George, don't give him any money for that. It'll cost you less to keep it another day, rewind it and bring it back tomorrow. Don't give him the satisfaction.
GEORGE: I'm not giving you the satisfaction. I'm gonna watch it again...
(Ah yes, memories of Kramer putting thoughts into Newmans mind while dealing with Ron (of Ron's Records). Anyway, we cut to the apartment where Jerry and Elaine are bundling old magazines... )
JERRY: So, this morning I go down to the garage to check the car out. I figure by this time, the odour molecules have had at least twelve hours to de-smellify. I open the car door, like a *punch* in the *face*, the stench hits me-- it's almost as if it had *gained* strength throughout the night...
ELAINE: Y'know I can think of at *least* six known offensive odours that I would *rather* smell than what's livin' in your car.
JERRY: What about skunk?
ELAINE: I don't mind skunk.
JERRY: Horse manure?
ELAINE: I *loooove* horse manure.
JERRY: Well, I've never seen anything like this in my life. In fact, I went to the car wash, they want 250 dollars to detail it, and get the smell out. I'm not payin' for that. That's not my responsibility. In fact, I'm drivin' up to that restaurant now, and *demand* they pay for it.
ELAINE: Absolutely.
ELAINE: Listen, lemme ask you something. When you're with a guy, and he tells you he has to get up early, what does that mean?
JERRY: It means he's lying.
ELAINE: Wow...
JERRY: Why? Is that what he told you?
ELAINE: Yeah, last night. Oh, come on... Men *have* to get up early some time...
JERRY: No. Never.
ELAINE: Jerry! I'm *sure* I've seen men on the street early in the morning.
JERRY: Well, sometimes we do actually have to get up early, but a man will *always* trade sleep for sex.
ELAINE: Is it possible I'm not as attractive as I think I am?
JERRY: Anything's *possible*...
(Kramer Enters)
JERRY: What's the matter with you?
KRAMER: Steinbrenner! He's ruinin' my life...
JERRY: Oh yeah, Steinbrenner...
KRAMER: I don't think I can take another season with him, Jerry. He'll just trade away their best young prospects, just like he did with Beuner, McGee, Drabek... McGriff...
JERRY: I know the list...
KRAMER: What's that smell?
JERRY: What smell?
KRAMER: Ooooh... You stink.
JERRY: Whatd'ya mean I stink?
KRAMER: You *stink*. Why don't you go take a shower?
JERRY: I showered! Oh, wait a second... Since I showered, I've been in the car!
ELAINE: So?
JERRY: Don't you see what's happening here? It's attached itself to me! It's alive!
ELAINE: If it attached itself to you, then... Oh, my God! That's why Carl said he had to get up early! Because I stink! Jerry, he thinks I have B.O.! Me!
(George buzzes)
KRAMER: What happened?
JERRY: What happened? My car *stinks* is what happened. And it's destroying the lives of everyone in it's path.
[In the car]
GEORGE: What is that? B.O.?
JERRY: Yeah.
GEORGE: This is *unbelievable* B.O.
JERRY: I know... I was at the car wash this morning and the guy told me in his 38 years in the business, he's never smelled anything like it.
GEORGE: So, let me ask you. Do you think I could have done this?
JERRY: No, no. It's the valet guy.
GEORGE: No, no, I mean, driving Susan to lesbianism.
JERRY: Oh... No, that's ridiculous.
GEORGE: What if her experience with me *drove* her to it?
JERRY: Suicide, maybe, not lesbianism.
GEORGE: The woman she's "lesbianing" with? Susan told me she's *never* been with a guy.
GEORGE: Oh, this isn't even B.O.! This is *beyond* B.O.! It's *B*.B.O.!
JERRY: There should be a B.O. squad that patrols the city like a "Smell Gestapo". To sniff 'em out, strip 'em down, and wash them with a big, soapy brush...
GEORGE: Y'know, the funny thing is, somehow I find her more appealing now... It's like if I knew she was a lesbian when we went out, I never would've broken up with her.
JERRY: Lemme see if I understand this... On second thought...
(At the restaurant, Jerry, refuses to have his car parked by the valet.)
JERRY: Here he is... that's the guy! (rolls up window) No, thank you, go back... go back... I'll park it! You go back!
(Inside, he confronts a snooty restaurant type guy.)
RESTAURATEUR: What do you mean-- "stunk up"?
JERRY: I mean the car *stinks*! George, does the car stink?
GEORGE: Stinks.
JERRY: Stinks!
RESTAURATEUR: Well, perhaps *you're* the one who has the odour...
JERRY: Hey, I've never smelled in my *life*, buddy!
RESTAURATEUR: Really? Well, I smell you now.
JERRY: That's from the car!
RESTAURATEUR: Well, maybe *you're* the one who stunk up the car, rather than the car stinking up you!
GEORGE: Oh, it's the chicken and the egg...
JERRY: Thank you very much... Well, then go out and smell the car; see which smells worse.
RESTAURATEUR: I don't have time to smell cars.
GEORGE: Forget about smelling the car. Smell the valet. Go to the source...
JERRY: You've gotta smell the car
RESTAURATEUR: I'm a busy man
JERRY: C'mon! One whiff!
RESTAURATEUR: Alright, one whiff...
(Inside the car, the restaurateur realizes there is some reality in Jerry's story)
RESTAURATEUR: Alright! I give up! I admit it! It stinks! Now will you let me out!
JERRY: Alright, will you pay for the cleaning?
RESTAURATEUR: Yes! 50 dollars! I'll give you 50 dollars!
(Jerry keeps him inside until he agrees to pay half ($125). To his horror, George discovers that some sick individual has stolen ``Rochelle, Rochelle'' from the dash of the car while they were inside. He asks the restaurateur to pay for that, too)
RESTAURATEUR: I'm not paying for *that*. They've already got my seven dollars... [sarcastically] "...erotic journey from Milan to Minsk"...
[Elaine and Carl at Elaine's apartment]
CARL: The valet had such bad B.O.?
ELAINE: Oh, man, just *rampant*, **mutant** B.O. The "O" went from the valet's "B", to the car, to me. It clings to everything. Jerry thinks it's an entity. But I showered and I shampoo'ed, so...
CARL: That's a relief...
(Carl recoils from an embrace from Elaine)
ELAINE: What?
CARL: It's still there...
ELAINE: No, no, no! It *can't* be! I shampoo'ed! I rinsed! I repeated!
(Elaine corners the poor guy)
[We cut to the video store where George tells the clerk about the video. Susan shows up and George asks her]
GEORGE: Listen, I gotta ask you: I was a little concerned that perhaps I was responsible in some way for your, uh... metamorphosis.
CLERK: That'll be $98.00.
GEORGE: What $98.00?
CLERK: That's what I said. $98.00.
GEORGE: How could that piece of *crap* cost $98.00!?
(He borrows $35 from Susan to pay for the movie)
GEORGE: So, was it me?
SUSAN: Oh, don't be ridiculous! Is that what you wanted to talk to me about? [Gives him the $35] Here.
GEORGE: Oh, thanks. Thanks a lot. I'll pay you back.
SUSAN: Yeah, *sure*... I gotta go.
GEORGE: Listen. Let me ask you something. If you and Mona were ever to... dance, how do you decide who leads? I mean... do you take turns? Do you discuss it beforehand? How does that work?
SUSAN: You're an idiot.
GEORGE: Why? That's a *legitimate* sociological question.
SUSAN: I'll see ya. And George, by the way... You stink... Real bad.
GEORGE: It's not me! It's the car!
[Cut to Kramer waiting on a street corner]
MONA: I didn't think I'd come.
KRAMER: I knew you would.
MONA: Oh, Kramer!
(They embrace.)
[Car-wash]
CAR WASHER: We spray everything with Ozium-D, let it de-ionise, vacuum the spray out with a de-ionising machine. Hit it with high-pressure compressed air, and wet-dry vac it to extract the remaining liquids. We top it off with one of our seven air-fresheners, in your case, I would recommend the Jasmine, or the Potpourri.
JERRY: Let's do it.
[Cut to the hair salon where Elaine hears a similar tale from the hairdresser.]
HAIRDRESSER: The first thing we're gonna do is flush the follicles with the five essential oils. Then, we put you under a vapour machine, and then a heated cap. Then, we shampoo and shampoo and condition and condition. Then, we saturate the hair in diluted vinegar-- two parts vinegar, 10 parts water. Now, if that doesn't work, we have one last resort. Tomato sauce.
ELAINE: Tomato Sauce?
[Jerry doles out his $250 and gets in the April-fresh car...]
JERRY: Wait a minute! It still smells! It still smells!
[Elaine visits Carl to present her olfactory-wise magnificent hair.]
CARL: It still smells.
[Jerry explains things to George back at the apartment.]
JERRY: It still smells!
GEORGE: How could it still smell after all that?
JERRY: I don't know!
GEORGE: Well, what are you gonna do?
JERRY: I'll tell you what I'm gonna do, I'm selling that car!
GEORGE: You're *selling* the car!?
JERRY: You don't understand what I'm up against. This is a force more powerful than anything you can imagine. Even *Superman* would be helpless against this kind of stench. And I'll take anything I can get for it.
GEORGE: Maybe I'll buy it.
JERRY: Are you crazy? Don't you understand what I'm saying to you? This is not just an odour-- you need a *priest* to get rid of this thing!
ELAINE: I still smell!
JERRY: You see! You see what I'm saying to you? It's a presence! It's the beast!
[Outside, a woman's voice is heard screaming and pounding on Kramer's door.]
SUSAN: Kramer! Kramer! Kramer, open up, I know you're in there!
JERRY: Susan!
SUSAN: Kramer!
JERRY: What is going on?
SUSAN: You know what's going on? First, he vomits on me. Then, he burns down my father's cabin. And now, he's taken Mona away from me.
GEORGE: He stole your girlfriend?
SUSAN: Yes. She's in *love* with him.
GEORGE: Amazing. I drive them to lesbianism, he brings 'em back.
(Kramer waits until George and Susan have left, then calls Jerry on the phone, and begins to explain the situation to Jerry (while coming into his apartment, still on the phone). He realizes his silliness and puts the phone away, but continues the tale, explaining how Mona is a golf instructor, and how he's already taken six strokes off his game.)
JERRY: That's the *least* of what you've accomplished...
(Kramer explains further and borrows Jerry's jacket for his date with Mona that evening. As he's leaving, Elaine asks the inevitable)
ELAINE: Wait a minute, wait a minute. Kramer, Kramer... Hold on a second. I don't get this. This woman has *never* been with a man her *entire* life--
KRAMER: I'm Kramer.
[George and Susan at Monk's]
GEORGE: I know what you're going through. Women. Who knows what they want?
SUSAN: I just don't know what she sees in *Kramer*.
GEORGE: Listen. You're beautiful. You're intelligent. You'll meet other girls...
SUSAN: You think so?
GEORGE: Yes, I know so. You happen to be a very eligible lesbian.
SUSAN: You're very sweet...
GEORGE: Hey, I know what I'm talking about. I gotta be honest with you, I gotta tell ya... Ever since I saw you holding hands with that woman, I can't get you out of my mind.
SUSAN: Really?
GEORGE: Yeah, you're just so... hip.
(A woman exits the bathroom and approached the table)
GEORGE: Oh, my God...
SUSAN: What?
GEORGE: It's Allison. I dated her right after you. She's obsessed with me.
(Despite his hiding, Allison sees George.)
ALLISON: George?
GEORGE: Allison! Hi! Oh, my God! How are you?
ALLISON: Good. You know, you owe me $50...
GEORGE: Right. I don't have it on me. Allison, this is Susan. Susan, Allison.
ALLISON: Nice to meet you...
SUSAN: Nice to meet you...
ALLISON: That's a beautiful vest...
SUSAN: Thank you...
[Kramer and Jerry at the car lot trying to sell J's car.]
KRAMER: I don't understand it. I was with her last night in my apartment; it was very romantic. Y'know with that fake wood wallpaper, the atmosphere is *fabulous* in there, now. It's like a ski lodge.
SALESMAN: What year did you say this was?
JERRY: '90.
KRAMER: Anyway, we were on the couch, I move to hug her, next thing she tells me she's leaving; she's got to get up early.
JERRY: That's strange...
SALESMAN: How many miles you got on this thing?
JERRY: 23 000.
KRAMER: And I was looking good, too. I had a nice, new shirt on, I'm wearing *your* jacket...
JERRY: Wait a second... My jacket! I wore that in the car! The Beast!
[Speak of the Devil, the car salesman exits the car with an "Augh!"... ]
SALESMAN: I can't sell this car.
JERRY: This... **thing**... has got to be stopped!
[At the salon, Elaine rationally decides her fate to the hairdresser]
HAIRDRESSER: So, what do you want to do?
ELAINE: Sauce me.
[In a rough-looking part of town]
(Jerry parks in front of a punk, tosses his keys in the car, and leaves, making it *very* obvious to the guy that the car has got a high steal quotient. He stops short of screaming "TAKE IT!". The punk gets in, and... well, let's just say he doesn't smell potpourri...)
[Opening Monologue]
Why do we need B.O.? What is the function of it? Everything in nature has a reason, has a purpose, except B.O. Doesn't make any sense-- do something good, hard work, exercise, smell very bad. This is the way the human being is designed. You move, you stink. Why can't our bodies help us? Why can't sweat smell good? It'd be a different world, wouldn't it? Instead of putting your laundry in the hamper, you'd put it in a vase. You'd go down to the drugstore and pick up some odourant and perspirant. You'd probably have a dirty sweat sock hanging from the rear-view mirror of your car. And then on a really special night, maybe a little underwear comin' out of your breast pocket. Just to let her know she's important.
[Opening Monologue]
JERRY: I have a friend who is about to get married, they're having the bachelor party and the bridal shower on the same day... So it's conceivable that while she's getting the lingerie, he'd be at a nude bar watching a table dancer wearing the same outfit. That is possible. But to me, the difference between being single and being married, is the form of government. You see, when you're single, you are the dictator of your own life. I have complete power. I can give the order to fall asleep on the sofa with the TV on in the middle of the day, no-one can overrule me! When you're married, you're part of a vast decision-making body. Before anything gets done there are meetings. Committees have to study the situation. And this is if the marriage works. That's what's so painful about divorce: you get impeached and you're not even the president!
[Jerry's apartment]
GEORGE: Hey, is it my imagination, or do really good looking women walk a lot faster than everybody else?
ELAINE: We don't walk that fast...
GEORGE: No seriously...
ELAINE: Seriously, we don't.
GEORGE: The better looking they are, the faster they go! I mean, I see they out there on the street, they're zooming around, like a blur. Like they have a motor on their ass.
ELAINE: (Yelling to Jerry in the bedroom) Hey Jerry, come on, let's go. We're gonna miss the previews!
JERRY (coming out of the bathroom) What's the big hurry?
ELAINE: Hey, how are we gettin' to Scott Drake's party on Saturday night?
JERRY: Oh, Drake's party, I forgot to buy a present.
GEORGE: I gotta buy a present now?
ELAINE: Of course you do, it's an engagement party.
GEORGE: It never ends, this present stuff! Engagement present! Then they get married, you gonna have to get them something for that! Then the baby, there's another present. Then the baby starts getting their presents. I don't even like Drake.
JERRY: You don't like the Drake?
GEORGE: Hate the Drake.
ELAINE: I *love* the Drake.
JERRY: How could you not like the Drake?
GEORGE: Who's the Drake?
ELAINE: "Who's the Drake"?
JERRY: The Drake is good!
ELAINE: So listen, what are you gonna get him?
GEORGE: I haven't even met the fiancee! Whatever! (Leaves for washroom)
JERRY: Elaine, look. I drew this triangle free-hand. It's a doodle. It's perfect!
ELAINE: So what? That's easy.
JERRY: Easy?
(Kramer enters in his usual way)
ELAINE: Hi! Hey, have you gotten your present yet for the Drake?
KRAMER: Uh, no, no, not yet.
JERRY: Do you like the Drake?
KRAMER: I *love* the Drake! I'm looking forward to meeting the Drakette!
ELAINE: I'm lukewarm about the Drakette.
KRAMER: (Looking at Jerry's doodle) That's a nice triangle...
JERRY: It's Isosceles
KRAMER: Ooh, Isosceles. I love the name Isosceles. If I had a kid, I would name him Isosceles. Isosceles Kramer.
ELAINE: Hey, you know what, maybe we should all chip in for the gift.
JERRY: The chip-in!
ELAINE: Hey, a pretty good idea, huh?
JERRY: Yeah!
KRAMER: Yeah, the chip-in, defenitely!
JERRY: You know what, let's go to that mall in Liberal(sp?) before we go to the party. We'll have to take your car, it's got the most room.
KRAMER: No, no! My car's not running.
(George enters the room from the washroom)
JERRY: What about your father's car?
GEORGE: No, no, no. Out of the question. I was over there today. He's got the good spot in front of the good building in the good neighbourhood. I know he's not gonna wanna move.
JERRY: Are you serious?
GEORGE: You don't know what that spot means to him. Once he gets it, he doesn't go out for weeks.
JERRY: How about this, you put your car in the good spot, that'll hold the good spot in front of the good building, and we can get the good car!
GEORGE: Good thinking!
JERRY: Good to meet you!
[George's father's car]
ELAINE: So what are we gonna get him?
JERRY: We could get him anything we wanted, we're chippin' in.
GEORGE: I like this area. I could live out here.
KRAMER: Yeah, we ought to all get a house and live together.
JERRY: Yeah, that's a good idea. I'll tell you what chuckles, I give you permission to sublet my room right now.
GEORGE: Look at this. There's no spaces here. (to another car) Excuse me, are you gettin' out?
MAN IN CAR: No!
KRAMER: Why don't you take a handicap spot...
GEORGE: You think?
ELAINE: No, no! We'll find a space. There's spaces in the other lot.
GEORGE: I don't want to walk that far.
ELAINE: What if a handicapped person needs it?
KRAMER: Oh, come on, they don't drive!
JERRY: Yes, they do!
KRAMER: Have you ever seen a handicapped person pull into a space and park?
JERRY: Well there's spaces there, they must drive!
KRAMER: Well they don't. If they could drive, they wouldn't be handicapped.
ELAINE: So if you can drive, you're not handicapped?
GEORGE: Look, we're not gonna be that long anyway... we have to get to the "party"!
KRAMER: I got news for you: handicapped people, they don't even want to park there! They wanna be treated just like anybody else! That's why, those spaces are always empty.
GEORGE: He's right! It's the same thing with the femenists. You know, they want everything to be equal, everything! But when the check comes, where are they?
ELAINE: What does that mean?
GEORGE: Yeah! Alright, I'm pulling in.
KRAMER: Yeah, go ahead.
ELAINE: George!
GEORGE: Oh, come on, it's five minutes.
(pulls into handicap spot)
KRAMER: Make sure we don't forget where the car's parked.
JERRY, GEORGE, ELAINE: Don't worry. We won't forget!
[walking in the parking garage]
JERRY: Do you believe the deal we got on this? A big screen TV? At that price?
ELAINE: What a sale, huh? And how about that store, delivering it tonight? We're gonna be swimming in 'thank you's...
GEORGE: What did I get the veggie burger for? You got a veggie burger, so I had to get the veggie burger, I'm allover crums...
JERRY: No-one's gonna have a better gift than this big screen TV! Good for them, love the Drake!
ELAINE: Got to *love* the Drake!
(sound of police cars)
JERRY: Hey, what's going on over here?
ELAINE: Must have been an accident...
(they turn the corner so they can see their car, surrounded by a lot of people)
JERRY: (to a woman) Hey, what's going on?
WOMAN: Some jerk parked in a handicap spot, so this woman in a wheelchair had to wheel up this incline, and half way up her batteries gave up, and she rolled backwards into the wall. Taken her to St. Elizabeth's...
JERRY: Is she OK?
WOMAN: I don't know. We're just waiting here for the owner of this car to show up. May not get out alive! Thug! Taking up a handicap spot? He's gonna pay!
JERRY: Son's of bitches! Good luck finding them... him... whatever. I'd like to stick around and get my hands on him myself, but I gotta take off.
(man hits George's car in rage)
GEORGE: How are we gonna get out of here? They'll kill us!
ELAINE: (to George) Are you happy now?
KRAMER: Who would think these people we're gonna be here?
JERRY: I don't know...
ELAINE: What about the party? What about the Drake?
GEORGE: Screw the Drake!
JERRY: I love the Drake!
KRAMER: Let's just take a bus back to the city.
GEORGE: Can't leave the car here!
KRAMER: Why not?
GEORGE: It's my father's car!
MAN: Let's smash it!
EVERYBODY: Yeah! Yeah!
JERRY: Let's get out of here.
[coffee shop]
GEORGE: What are we gonna do? How are we gonna get out of here?
JERRY: The thing is, even if we go back by the car, and there's nobody there, how do we know they're not all hiding, waiting for us?
ELAINE: Well, they have to give up some time, they can't stay out there all night?
JERRY: What are we, John Dillinger? How did this get to be the crime of the century? It's not like we stuck a broomstick in her spokes and she went flying...
GEORGE: What I don't get is, just because the battery is dead, you think she'd be able to roll up the hill with her hands!
KRAMER: You'd think...
GEORGE: I mean, batteries have gone dead before, aren't they prepared for that?
KRAMER: Most of them don't even have batteries.
GEORGE: Must be one of those rich, spoiled handicapped people, who didn't want to do any work, and just wanted to sit in her wheelchair and take it easy.
KRAMER: Yeah...
GEORGE: Well, I'm sorry!
ELAINE: Our big screen TV is probably arriving right now...
GEORGE: How are we gonna get out of here? We need a plan!
JERRY: I got it! (snaps his fingers) We give the keys to Elaine.
ELAINE: Me?
JERRY: Yeah! You're a woman! Men don't hit a woman!
ELAINE: Oh, they won't?
JERRY: Not if they don't know you...
ELAINE: I'm not going for this, Kramer should go! It was all his idea!
KRAMER: No chance in hell!
JERRY: What if we created some sort of diversion? What if we all went by the car and started screaming: "There he is, there's the guy that took the handicap spot!" And then, when they all run into the other direction, we'll jump in the car!
GEORGE: That's good, we'll give it a try...
ELAINE: That's good...
JERRY: That doesn't work, we'll give 'em Kramer!
KRAMER: Huh?
[parking garage]
(the four of them approach George's car, which is smashed to pieces)
JERRY: (as George picks up a broken piece of his car) You know, a lot of these scratches will buff right out...
[George's parents' house]
FRANK: Eight years have I had this car. Not a scratch on it! Eight years!
(Estelle is playing Mahjongh with the ladies)
FRANK: A beautiful Mercury! I special-ordered that bench seat!
GEORGE: Dad, that other car cut us off! They had swastikas all over it... They were hurling racial epiphates at us... I could have been killed!
ESTELLE: (to Frank) I told you not to give it to him!
FRANK: (to George) You know, my insurance doesn't cover this? The whole thing is a total loss!
MAHJONG LADY: Frank, the important thing is, he didn't get hurt!
FRANK: No it isn't!
MAHJONG LADY: So what are you doing now, Georgie?
GEORGE: I'm uh... writing a pilot for NBC...
FRANK: Where the hell is my paper?
MAHJONG LADY: You're writing a pilot?
ESTELLE: With his friend, Jerry Seinfeld... the comedian...
MAHJONG LADY: So what's it about?
GEORGE: Well, Jerry's car gets hit and the other driver doesn't have any insurance, so the judge
sentences him to be Jerry's butler.
MAHJONG LADY: This is the same situation! Frank, maybe you ought to make him your butler!
(giggling)
ESTELLE: Every time you're with that Kramer, something happens... He's a real trouble maker!
GEORGE: Nah, he didn't have anything to do with it...
ESTELLE: He's all together crazy, that one! Jerry? I used to think was nice... I don't know what happened to him...
(Estelle wins at Mahjongh)
[Jerry's apartment]
(Jerry's on the phone with the Drake, Elaine is eating an Oreo cookie)
JERRY: (to the Drake) So it was a good party, huh? Oh... you're welcome, you're welcome... (to Elaine) They loved the TV, *loved* it!
ELAINE: Oh, yeah...
JERRY: (to the Drake) Oh, wait a second, I'll ask her.. that's a great idea. (To Elaine) Drake wants to know if we want to come out to Minneolis this afternoon, since we missed the partly last night, to maybe get something to eat?
ELAINE: Sure!
JERRY: (to the Drake) Sure! ... Okay... Don't worry, I'm taking MY car! ... okay... okay, see you later... bye...
JERRY: The Drake is great!
ELAINE: Hmm.. he's so nice! I'm really happy for them.
JERRY: Yeah. Well, I don't know if I'm happy for them, I mean I'm glad they're happy, but, frankly, that doesn't do anything for me.
(buzzer rings)
JERRY: Yes?
GEORGE: It's me.
JERRY: Come on up.
(Door opens, Kramer enters)
KRAMER: Hey. I just came from St. Elizabeth's.
JERRY: St. Elizabeth's Hospital? Why?
KRAMER: Well, the handicapped woman? I went to see her.
ELAINE: You went to see her?
KRAMER: Yeah.
JERRY: Wow, what happened?
KRAMER: I'm in love.
JERRY: What?
KRAMER: Yeah, she is the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I love her Jerry, I really love her. I'm gonna ask her to marry me. She's got everything I've always wanted in another human being. Except for the walking.
JERRY: Oh, what's the difference, you don't go out that much.
(George enters)
KRAMER: Ah, I'm glad you're here.
GEORGE: What?
KRAMER: Alright, now, we gotta go out. We gotta buy a wheelchair.
GEORGE: A wheelchair? What for?
KRAMER: Well, you know I went to the hospital today, and I saw the woman, you know, and the wheelchair is totalled, we gotta get her another one!
GEORGE: Doesn't she have collision?
KRAMER: George, I'm in love with her!
GEORGE: Well, my father works for the United Volunteers, maybe he can get her one.
KRAMER: No! She needs it now!
GEORGE: What about these two? Aren't they gonna chip in?
KRAMER: Well...
ELAINE: Hey, we told you not to park there!
GEORGE: Can't we just fix the old one?
KRAMER: Alright, alright. Fine George! Don't chip in! But some day, we're gonna be driving along, we're gonna look out the window, and see her crawling along 5th avenue! Is that what you want?
GEORGE: Alright, alright! We'll buy her a wheelchair! Wheelchairs, engagement presents.. IT NEVER ENDS!
[at Surgical Appliances]
SALESMAN: This is out best model. The Cougar 9000. It's the Rolls Royce of wheelchairs. This is like... you're almost glad to be handicapped.
KRAMER: So now, what's this got?
SALESMAN: Inductive joystick, dynamic braking, flip-up arms, it's fully loaded. I put Stephen Hawking in one of these two months ago, he's lovin' it! It's rated number one by Hospital Supply and Prosthetic Magazine.
GEORGE: How much?
SALESMAN: 6200.
GEORGE: Do you have something a little more... less expensive?
[At the Drake's]
(The Drake opens the door, the Drakette is sitting on the couch)
JERRY and ELAINE: Hey Drake! Hi Drake!
JERRY:Hey Alison! Hey, there's the TV, Elaine, look at that!
ELAINE: My God this is fantastic! Tell me, were you guys just blown away or what?
THE DRAKE: Oh yeah, yeah... it's fantastic...
(Jerry sits down next to Alison)
JERRY: I am gonna make good use of this! I'm watching every superbowl here, every big fight....
ELAINE: Oh man, there is nothing like a really big TV, huh?
JERRY: So where're we eatin'?
THE DRAKE: Well, actually... Jerry...
ELAINE: I'm *really* hungry!
THE DRAKE: ... we just broke up...
JERRY: When did this happen?
THE DRAKE: About 20 minutes ago... Hey, I am really sorry about this guys... whew!
JERRY: (looking at the TV) Look at the picture on this thing...
ELAINE: Oh, cristal clear!
JERRY: They know how to make 'em...
(The Drake starts sobbing)
ELAINE: Are there any good Italian restaurants around here?
THE DRAKE: (through his sobbing) Gagliano's... that's pretty good...
JERRY: Well... we should...
ELAINE: Get movin'...
JERRY: Yeah... Hey, Drake, what ever happens, I am sure it'll be for the best.
ELAINE: Take it easy. Bye-Bye Alison!
(The Drake is sobbing again, Elaine takes the remote control out the door then returns)
ELAINE: Oh, the remote! Okay, I'm just gonna put it on top of the television...
[at Surgical Appliances]
SALESMAN: Alright, this one is about 8 years old. Not a scratch on it, it was owned by some lady who only used it to go from the bathroom to the kitchen and to feed her cat.
KRAMER: But this'll get you around?
SALESMAN: Oh sure, it just doesn't have any of the thrills of the Cougar.
GEORGE: Like what?
SALESMAN: For example, your tremor-damping.
KRAMER: Now what's that?
SALESMAN: It helps to control the direction regardless of the operator's tremors or spasticity.
KRAMER: Well, is it alright if I try it?
SALESMAN: Hop in!
(Kramer sits down, and likes it)
KRAMER: Oh yeah!
(Salesman is laughing)
SALESMAN: I tell ya...
(Kramer crashes into wheelchairs while trying to control his)
SALESMAN: When I see someone enjoying themselves like that, it reminds me why I got into this business in the first place.
GEORGE: How much?
(Kramer crashes into some more wheelchairs)
SALESMAN: How about $240?
GEORGE & KRAMER: We'll take it!
[Jerry's appartment]
ELAINE: Drake gave her the TV?
JERRY: He gave her all the gifts; he felt guilty.
ELAINE: Well, she can't keep it, it's not fair, that's *our* TV!
JERRY: I know it is!
ELAINE: Boy, I am really starting to dislike the Drake!
JERRY: I hate the Drake! Maybe the whole thing was a scam. Anybody can just get engaged and get presents and just keep them all. Maybe they're on their way to Chicago tomorrow and do the whole thing all over again.
ELAINE: They don't know anybody in Chicago.
JERRY: Don't worry, they'll make friends fast with that nice TV.
(George enters)
GEORGE: Hey.
JERRY: Hey, guess what? The Drake broke up.
GEORGE (excited) The Drake broke up?! That's fantastic! Now we get the TV back! It'll help defray some of the cost of the wheelchair.
JERRY: I don't know about defraying.
GEORGE: Why?
JERRY: We're not gettin' that TV.
GEORGE: What do you mean? The engagement is off, we get the TV back. That's business.
ELAINE: The Drakette took it.
GEORGE: She can't take it. It's not hers, it's theirs. Once there's no theirs there's no hers, it should be ours.
ELAINE: Well, she has it!
GEORGE: (upset) I *told* you the Drake was bad! I hate the Drake!
GEORGE: Maybe we should call her.
ELAINE: Well, who's gonna call?
JERRY: You are.
ELAINE: What? Why is it me who always has to do these things?
JERRY: Because that's your thing!
ELAINE: What? Calling people I hardly know, and demanding they return expensive gifts, that's my "thing"?
JERRY: Yeah, that's your thing.
ELAINE: Alright, gimme the phone... it's my "thing"...
(Elaine starts dialling)
JERRY: (to George) You know, I'm thinking about getting a yo-yo.
GEORGE: Really?
JERRY: Yeah.
GEORGE: I could see that...
(Alison through phone): Hello?
ELAINE: Alison! Hi, this is Elaine...
(Alison through phone): I gave all the gifts to charity.
ELAINE: Oh, Okay... well thanks a lot... sorry again about you and the Drake...
(Alison though phone): I hate the Drake.
ELAINE: Everybody does. Bye-bye....
(Elaine hangs up the phone)
ELAINE: She gave it to charity.
JERRY: Charity?!? That's apalling.
GEORGE: How could anybody be so selfish and inconsiderate!
(Kramer enters)
KRAMER: Well, I gave her the wheelchair! You should have seen the look on her face. And then she told me, that the old wheelchair, that wasn't any good anyway! So you see George, the whole incident was a God blessing! Yeah!
GEORGE: You mean a blessing in disguise?
KRAMER: Yeah....
[At George's parents' place]
LADY: And I would also like to personally thank our gracious host Frank Costanza, who has earned the silver circle award and is our unanimous choice for the United Volunteer Representative of the Month!
(applause)
LADY: Due to his tireless effort, he personally raised over $22,000. That's a lot of wheelchairs!
(applause, door bel rings)
LADY: On behalf of the United Volunteers of Greater New York, we thank you!
(Estelle opens the front door, two men walk in)
FRANK: Well... thank you very much!
COP: Mr. Costanza?
FRANK: Yes?
COP: You're under arrest.
FRANK: Under arrest? What for?
COP: Reckless endangerment of public safety, and violation of traffic code 342-A.
FRANK: What's that?
COP: Parking in a handicap spot. Let's go...
FRANK: George! George!
[Jerry's appartment]
JERRY: Your father got arrested? For what?
GEORGE: Parking in a handicap spot. Right in the middle of his United Volunteers meeting. When he got back, he chased after me with a baseball bat.
JERRY: Ho-ly!
GEORGE: Between the car getting totalled, the towing charge and the fine, there's no way I can ever pay him back...
JERRY: So what are you gonna do?
GEORGE: I agreed to become his butler.
JERRY: What?
(Kramer enters)
JERRY: What's the matter?
KRAMER: It's over!
JERRY: What's over?
KRAMER: Me and Lola....
GEORGE: The woman we bought the wheelchair for?
KRAMER: Yeah, she dumped me!
JERRY: She dumped you?
KRAMER: She dumped me! She rolled right over me! Said I was a hipster dufus. Am I a hipster dufus?
JERRY & GEORGE: (hesitatingly) ... no...
KRAMER: Said I'm not good looking enough for her. Not good looking! Jerry, look at me, look at my face, huh, am I beautiful? George, am I beautiful?
GEORGE: ...you're very attractive...
KRAMER: yeah... she says she doesn't wanna see me again. Told me to drop dead!
JERRY: Drop dead?
GEORGE: Boy, even I never heard that one...
JERRY: She's pretty rough!
KRAMER: Yeesh-jip!
GEORGE: Well, we just blew 240 bucks on a wheelchair.
JERRY: 240 bucks?
GEORGE: Well, it was slightly used...
JERRY: Used?
[cut to Lola rolling down a hill trying to use her brakes that don't work, screaming]
[George's parents' place]
(George's vaccuuming)
Frank (picking up his shoes): I don't think you did such a good job on these...
(George turns off the vaccuum)
GEORGE: What!?
FRANK: You're supposed to your face there! Do you see your face in there?
(Phone rings)
FRANK: Yeah? ...oh really?...oh... how about that?... Right down a hill huh? Okay! Alight! Bye!
(hangs up the phone)
FRANK: George, forget about the shoes. Want you to do something for me (scribbles something on a piece of paper). This handicapped woman had an accident. Somebody gave her a used wheelchair with defective brakes.
GEORGE: Sons of bitches!
FRANK: Anyway, I want you to pick up this big screen TV, and deliver it to her.
GEORGE: Big screen TV?
FRANK: Do you think you can handle it?
[At the Drakette's]
(knock on door, the Drakette opens)
ALLISON: Yes?
GEORGE: Hi, we're from the United Volunteers, we've come to pick up the TV.
ALLISON: Oh great, it's right over there.
KRAMER: Ooh, it's a big one!
[All four inside a delivery van outside the mall]
GEORGE: Who's got the receipt?
ELAINE: I do.
GEORGE: Will they give us cash?
JERRY: That's their policy.
GEORGE: I hate this mall, there are never any spaces here...
KRAMER: Why don't you park in front of the hydrant?
GEORGE: What if there is a fire?
KRAMER: What are the chances of that?
[setting: night club]
JERRY: To me, the whole concept of fear of success is proof that we are definitely scraping the bottom of the fear barrel. Are we gonna have to have AA-type meetings for these people? They'll go: "Hi, my name is Bill, and the one thing I'm worried about is to have a stereo and a cream-colored couch." According to most studies, people's number-one fear is public speaking. Number two is death. *Death* is number two! Now, this means to the average person, if you have to go to a funeral, you're better off in the casket than doing the eulogy.
[setting: Jerry's]
(Jerry is entering his apartment, following by Kramer)
KRAMER: Why can't I play Kramer?
JERRY: Look we've been through this already. You're not an actor!
KRAMER: Neither are you.
JERRY: I know. So why do we need two people in the show that can't act?
KRAMER: Oh come on Jerry. How hard is it to act. You say something, I'll pretend it's funny.
JERRY: My grandmother's in the hospital.
KRAMER: Ha ha ha. Your grandmother's in the hospital!
JERRY: This is real believable.
KRAMER: What you didn't think I was really laughing?
JERRY: It stinks.
KRAMER: Let me see you do it.
JERRY: Say something funny.
KRAMER: Alright. I've never been to Mars but I imagine it's quite lovely.
JERRY: Ah..........
KRAMER: Mine was better than that! Come on look. (starts to laugh again, Jerry too)
(George enters while they're both laughing)
GEORGE: Why are two pretending to be laughing?
JERRY: We're acting. (they stop laughing)
GEORGE: Oh, real good. (George makes a face like: you stink) Any word from NBC?
JERRY: No.
GEORGE: I don't understand. They're supposed to be casting this week. Something's wrong. Maybe they're not doing it.
KRAMER: (to Jerry) Well at least let me audition.
JERRY: (to George) He wants to play Kramer in the Pilot.
KRAMER: (to George) Yeah!
GEORGE: Out of the question.
KRAMER: Oughh!
GEORGE: (to Jerry) How could we not hear anything? What's with this Russel? What's he doing? (Jerry raises his arms and shoulders like: he doesn't know)
(scene ends)
[setting: Peter McManus cafe, an Italian restaurant]
(Elaine and Russell are sitting down at a table)
RUSSELL: I really appreciate you coming.
ELAINE: Oh, that's O.K. I don't have much time though. So...
RUSSELL: All right, first of all, I want to apologize for all the phone calls. It's just--It's just-- (awkward pause) I don't understand, we went out once...
ELAINE: That was two months ago.
RUSSELL: Yes I know. I just-- I can't get you out of my mind. Ever since that-- that day in the restaurant when we met... (we see a flashback from 'The Shoes' of Elaine showing her cleavage and asking Russell for his Ketchup secret)
ELAINE: Russell, you are the president of NBC. You can have any woman you want. (picks up the bowl of munchies on the table)
RUSSELL: But I want you.
ELAINE: God I hate these mixtures. Why don't they just put pretzels on the table. Even peanuts would be good, but I don't know how eats these cheesy things (she does).
RUSSELL: Is it something I said... or did?
ELAINE: Um... Look Russell... You're a very sweet guy. But I got to be honest with you. I don't like television... and that's your world. That's your life. I mean maybe if you were in... I don't know... Greenpeace or something, that would be different, but network television... I mean, come on, Russell, you're part of the problem.
RUSSELL: Oh Elaine, we're doing some really very interesting things right now. We've got some very exciting pilots for next season. We have one with a bright young comedian, Jerry Seinfeld.
ELAINE: Oh yeah, oh yeah. I've heard of him. He's that "Did you ever notice this? Did you ever notice that?" guy.
RUSSELL: Yeah. Anyway it's a ground breaking show.
ELAINE: Really? What is it about?
RUSSELL: (a little more enthusiast) Well, really, it's very unusual. It's about nothing.
ELAINE: (surprised) What do you mean it's about nothing?
RUSSELL: (starts doing George at the first meeting with NBC in 'The Pitch') For example, what did you do today?
ELAINE: Um, I got up. Um, I went to work. Then I came here.
RUSSELL: There's a show. that's a show.
ELAINE: Russell, see, I'm really not interested in this stuff and I do have to go to work (she gets up). So...
RUSSELL: (stops doing George, he's down again) Elaine, When--when--when are we gonna see each other again.
ELAINE: I'm sorry Russell. I'm sorry O.K.? Bye-bye. (Russell, still sitting watches her leaving).
(scene ends)
[setting: Jerry's]
(back to when we left earlier with Jerry, Kramer and George. Jerry is answering the phone while Kramer is about to go back into his apartment)
JERRY: Hello? Yeah he's here. (to Kramer) Hey! It's for you.
GEORGE: He's getting phone calls here now? (he's standing near the counter and eating chips out of a big bag)
(Kramer sits down and starts to talk on the phone)
JERRY: (to George) Again with the sweat pants?
GEORGE: What? I'm comfortable.
JERRY: You know the message you're sending out to the world with these sweat pants? You're telling the world: "I give up. I can't compete in normal society. I'm miserable, so I might as well be comfortable." (George is baffled)
KRAMER: (to the phone) Hold on a second I got another call. Hello? Yeah, he'll call you back. (Jerry and George look at each other)
JERRY: (to Kramer) Who is it?
KRAMER: That's NBC.
JERRY: NBC!?! Give me the phone!
KRAMER: I'm in the middle of a conversation here.
JERRY: Get off the phone!
KRAMER: (to the phone) Look, I'll call you back. (hangs up)
JERRY: You know I'm waiting to hear from them. Who was it?
KRAMER: Russell Dalrimple's secretary.
JERRY: All right. Now you're doing something to help me. (to the phone) Hello yeah it's Jerry Seinfeld returning the call. Uh-huh.. O.K. great thanks a lot. (hangs up)(to George) Casting tomorrow at NBC. 4:00. We're in business baby, the pilot's on. You're gonna successful. (George looks disappointed)
(scene ends)
[setting: Dana's office]
GEORGE: What if the pilot gets picked up and it becomes a series?
DANA: That'd be wonderful George, you'll be rich and successful.
GEORGE: Yeah, that's exactly what I'm worried about. God would never let me be successful. He'd kill me first. He'd never let me be happy.
DANA: I thought you didn't believe in God?
GEORGE: I do for the bad things.
DANA: Do you hear what you're saying? God isn't out to get you George. What... What is that on your lip?
GEORGE: What?
DANA: It's like a discoloration. It's white.
GEORGE: (gets up and picks a mirror) Yes. Yes, it's white. Why it's white.
DANA: You'd better get that checked out.
GEORGE: Better get that checked out?
DANA: I would.
GEORGE: What kind of a therapist are you? I'm telling I'm scared that something terrible is gonna happen to me, right away you start looking for tumors?
DANA: I'm trying to help you.
GEORGE: What are you like a sadist? No matter how bad somebody feels, you can make 'em feel worse. I bet you're rooting for a tumor. (pointing to her)
DANA: I think you'd better go.
GEORGE: Oh I'm going baby! I'm going! (he leaves)
(scene ends)
[setting: Jerry and George in a cab at a light]
JERRY: Where?
GEORGE: Right here. (showing his lip)
JERRY: Get out of here, it's nothing. (Jerry knows George is hypochondriac. See 'The Heart Attack')
GEORGE: (to the cab driver) Excuse me, do you see anything on my lip here?
CABBIE: Yeah, it's like a discoloration.
GEORGE: Oh, my God.
CABBIE: Yeah, it's all white.
GEORGE: (to Jerry) It's all white Jerry! It's all white!
JERRY: Would you stop?
CABBIE: I would get that checked out if I were you.
GEORGE: Again with the checked out. I'm not going to the doctor. If I don't to the doctor, then nothing will happen to me. If I go he might find something.
JERRY: If you go, maybe they'll catch it in time.
GEORGE: Catch what in time?
JERRY: Whatever it is.
GEORGE: You think it's something?
CABBIE: Ah! I hate these bums with their filthy rags. No no no, I don't want it, get away, get away from my car (he starts his wipers)
JERRY: (to George) You know these squeegee-- Oh my God! It's crazy Joe Devola.
JOE DEVOLA: (through the opened window's cab) Good luck on the pilot Jerry. (the cab pulls away)
(scene ends)
[setting: NBC]
(Stu and Jay are sitting. George is standing in front of them, asking about his lip. The Casting Director, a woman, is sitting across from them on a couch. Jerry is in the back, standing and looking through the window. There's a box of raisins on the coffee table.)
STU: (to George) Yeah I think I see it. It's like a white discoloration.
GEORGE: (to Jay) What do you think it is?
JAY: It's like a... white discoloration. (we understand now why a sitcom needs so many producers)
CASTING DIRECTOR: O.K. guys, are we ready to start?
JERRY: Yeah, where is Russell? I thought he was gonna be here.
(George sits down next to Stu and Jay, and grabs a magazine and the box of raisins. Jerry walks over to Goerge and sits next to him.)
STU: Oh you know I don't know. I saw him in the hall this morning, I said hello to him. He walked right past me.
JAY: He must be worried about the fall schedule.
STU: Ah, it's a real bear.
GEORGE: Yeah. So what's going on? We're gonna shoot the pilot and then it's gonna be on TV the following week?
STU: Yeah. Right.
(the casting director enters with an actor)
CASTING DIRECTOR: This is Mark Matts. He'll be auditioning for the role of George. (the guy looks very cool and casual, and has a lot of hair)
MARK: Hey how you doing?
JERRY: (thinking) They've gotta be kidding.
GEORGE: (thinking) This guy's perfect.
CASTING DIRECTOR: O.K. Let's read this. I'll be reading Jerry's part.
MARK: Anyone call for Vandelay Industries? (George is the only one in the room to find Mark funny)
CASTING DIRECTOR: No. Why?
MARK: Listen to me. I told the unemployment office I was close to a job with Vandelay Industries and I gave them your phone number. So, when you answer the phone now, you've got to say: "Vandelay Industries".
CASTING DIRECTOR: I'm Vandelay Industries?
MARK: Right.
CASTING DIRECTOR: What is that?
MARK: You're in latex.
CASTING DIRECTOR: What do I do with latex?
MARK: I don't know, you manufacture it.
(scene cuts)
(the casting director enters with another actor)
CASTING DIRECTOR: This is Michael Barth. Another George. (he's in sweat pants, bald, with glasses)
ALL: Hi Michael. How you doing?
JERRY: Everything all right?
MICHAEL: I just came from the podiatrist. I have a mole on my foot. I've got a little gangrene, they're probably gonna have to amputate. (everyone laugh except George)
CASTING DIRECTOR: Any questions?
MICHAEL: Yeah. What are we looking at here? Is this guy like a real loser?
GEORGE: No, not a loser!
CASTING DIRECTOR: Let's start with the second scene. You have it here?
MICHAEL: A man gave me a, you know, massage. (everyone laugh except George)
CASTING DIRECTOR: So?
MICHAEL: Well, he-- he had his hands, you know, and uh, he was, huh, ...
CASTING DIRECTOR: He was what?
MICHAEL: He was you know... he was touching and rubbing. (loud laughter)
CASTING DIRECTOR: That's a massage.
MICHAEL: I think it moved.
(scene cuts)
(the casting director enters with a beautiful actress)
CASTING DIRECTOR: This is Melissa Shannon.
MELISSA: Hi.
ALL: Hi. How you doing.
CASTING DIRECTOR: Melissa is reading for Elaine.
MELISSA: It's like a bald convention out there! (she saw George) Sorry. I, uh, made a faux pas.
JERRY: No you didn't. He knows he's bald.
MELISSA: So how about that guy wearing sweat pants? I mean did he do that for the part or does he walk around like that? (Jerry approves with a nod, George drops his notepad on the coffee table)
CASTING DIRECTOR: O.K. Shall we start? (Melissa and the casting director sit down)
JERRY: (getting up) Uh, you know what? I'll read with her.
MELISSA: Oh, great.
(the casting director leaves the chair to Jerry. Jerry sits in front of Melissa and slides the chair very close to her)
JERRY: Alright, want to start?
MELISSA: Yeah.
JERRY: O.K.
MELISSA: Ahem. What was that look?
JERRY: What look?
MELISSA: That look you just gave me?
JERRY: I gave a look?
MELISSA: Yes.
GEORGE: Thank you! Thank you very much. (Jerry and Melissa stop and look at George)
CASTING DIRECTOR: Let's see some more Kramers.
(We see many short scenes with a wide variety of fat, tall, or small actors opening the door like Kramer does. Finally enters Tom Pepper, the guy that will get the role o Kramer)
ALL: Hi. How you doing?
TOM: (to Jerry and very seriously) How you doing?
JERRY: (smiling and surprised at the way Tom is talking) Good.
(scene cuts)
(Tom and the casting director are into a scene)
CASTING DIRECTOR: What is this about?
TOM: (standing) Levels.
CASTING DIRECTOR: Levels?
TOM: Yeah. I'm getting rid of all, all my furniture. All of it! I'm building... levels... with steps... completely carpeted... (making the gesture of carpeting steps) with pillows. (everyone laugh. He sits down) Like Ancient Egypt.
CASTING DIRECTOR: I don't know how you're gonna be comfortable like that?
TOM: Oh! I'll be comfortable. (laughter, applause. He gets up, goes to the coffee table)
GEORGE: Very nice
JERRY: Very good
GEORGE: Very nice Tom, that was terrific.
TOM: May I? (pointing the box of raisins)
GEORGE: Sure. Thank you for coming in. (Tom eats some raisins)
JERRY: (to George) It was a wonderful reading.
GEORGE: Yeah. Really.
TOM: Well, bye.
GEORGE: Take care. Take it easy. (Tom leaves with the casting director)
STU: Now, I thought he was really good, very funny.
JERRY: Yeah, I liked him.
GEORGE: What happened to the raisins?
JAY: Yeah, there was a box of raisins there!
GEORGE: Did he just steal the raisins?
STU: You think he stole them?
CASTING DIRECTOR: (enters with the real Kramer) This is Martin Van Nostrand.
JERRY: (to Kramer) What are you doing here?
CASTING DIRECTOR: You two know each other?
STU: Wait a minute, I know you. You're the guy from the Calvin Klein underwear ads.
KRAMER: That's true.
(Jerry and George look at each other. They're gonna let Kramer have a shot at it. Kramer unfold the script and smile at Jerry and George, very confident.)
KRAMER: (acting very bad) I saw Joe DiMaggio in Dinky Doughnuts again, but this time, I went in. (pause, stops acting) Oh! Uh, where's the bathroom?
STU: I think if you go down the hall, it's on the right at the very end.
KRAMER: Yeah. Be right back. (Kramer leaves)
(We see Kramer, groaning and holding his stomach, running down the hall, and opening the bathroom's door. Someone in there says: "Sorry buddy, full house." We then see Kramer outside leaving the building and running across the street to a restaurant: "Sorry, customers only" ...running into a movie theater: "Hey you need a ticket!" ...running through the park...)
(scene ends)
[setting: Monk's]
(Jerry and Elaine at a booth)
ELAINE: So who's playing Elaine?
JERRY: Oh, don't worry about it. Very talented, very takented young actress.
ELAINE: Really?
JERRY: Yes.
ELAINE: Who is it?
JERRY: She's an eskimo, actually.
ELAINE: Oh, my God (not in the mood to be kidding)
JERRY: She came down from Juno by sleigh, she was in the Iditarod. Got to the finish line, just kept going. She's got the dogs with her in the hotel room.
ELAINE: Listen, was Russell at the casting?
JERRY: No, he didn't show up.
ELAINE: You know, I'm a little bit worried about him. I don't understand. We had one date two months ago. Am I that charming and beautiful?
JERRY: No. No you're not.
ELAINE: Why do I keep setting you up?
JERRY: I don't know.
ELAINE: (to the waitress) Could we get a little more? (she doesn't listen and walks away) Aghh... You know ever since this new owner took over, the service here is *really* slow.
JERRY: Yeah. Have you noticed anything else that's different since the new management?
ELAINE: Mmm. They're putting a little lemon in the tuna. I love that.
JERRY: Beside that. Look at the waitresses.
ELAINE: Yeah? (we see that all the waitresses have big breasts)
JERRY: What physical characteristic would you say is common to all of them?
ELAINE: Ah...
JERRY: I mean look at this. Every waitress working here has the same proportions. Wouldn't you say?
ELAINE: Yes, I would say.
JERRY: What's going on here. How is that possible?
ELAINE: Do you think it's a coincidence?
JERRY: No. I haven't seen four women like this together outside of a Russ Meyer film.
(the waitress finally came with the coffee)
ELAINE: (to the waitress) Hi. Excuse me. Who does all the hiring waitresses here?
WAITRESS: He does. (pointing to the manager, Mr. Visaki) In fact we're looking for another girl if you know anyone. (she walks away)
ELAINE: You know what? That's discriminatory. That is unfair. Why should these women have all the advantages? It's not enough they get all the attention from men, they have to get all the waitress jobs, too?
JERRY: Hey that's life. Good-looking men have the same advantages. You don't see any handsome homeless.
(scene ends)
[setting: doctor's clinic]
GEORGE: You see, It's right here. It's all white...
DOCTOR: Oh yeah. Yeah. I've never seen this before.
GEORGE: You've never seen this before?
DOCTOR: I'm gonna have to take a biopsy on that. (George grabs the doctor's arm)
GEORGE: (dramatically) A what?
DOCTOR: A biopsy.
GEORGE: A biopsy?
DOCTOR: Yeah.
GEORGE: Cancer? Is it cancer? Do I have cancer?
DOCTOR: Well I don't know what it is.
(scene ends)
[setting: Jerry's]
GEORGE: A biopsy!
JERRY: What did he say?
GEORGE: He said he didn't know what it was.
JERRY: Alright. So?
GEORGE: When I asked him if it was cancer, he didn't give me a "get outta here". That's what I wanted to hear: "Cancer? Get outta here?"
JERRY: Well, maybe he doesn't have a "get outta here" kind of personality.
GEORGE: How could you be a doctor and not say "get outta here"? It should be part of the training at medical school: "Cancer? Get outta here!" "Go home! What are you crazy? It's a little test. It's nothing. You're a real nut. You know that?" (Jerry gives him half of his sandwich to hopefully shut him up) I told you that God would never let me be successful. I never should've written that pilot. Now the show will be a big hit, we'll make millions of dollars, and I'll be dead. Dead Jerry. Because of this. (showing his lip)
JERRY: Can't you at least die with a little dignity?
GEORGE: No I can't. I can't die with dignity. I have no dignity. I want to be the one person who doesn't die with dignity. I live my whole life in shame. Why should I die with dignity?
(Kramer enters)
JERRY: Hey. What happened to you yesterday?
KRAMER: I got mugged.
GEORGE: You got mugged?
JERRY: Mugged?
KRAMER: Well, I wouldn't have minded it so much but I was running home to go to the bathroom.
JERRY: Why didn't you use the bathroom in the building?
KRAMER: It was full. I tried a few other places, you know, but that didn't work. I mean it was an emergency Jerrry. I was really percolating... So I decided to run home through the park and then these two guys they stopped me and...
(door buzzer)
JERRY: Yeah?
ELAINE: It's me.
JERRY: Come on up.
KRAMER: But now I have a big problem, buddy.
JERRY: What is it?
KRAMER: Well, I waited so long I-- I missed my chance.
JERRY: You didn't go?
KRAMER: No. And now I can't get it back.
(George gives back the sandwich to Jerry and goes to the bathroom)
JERRY: The % thing to do is just not think about it.
KRAMER: How could you not think about it?
(Elaine enters)
ELAINE: Hey.
KRAMER: (mumbles and leaves)
ELAINE: What's the matter with him?
JERRY: He's a little backed up.
ELAINE: Oh...
(George gets back from the bathroom and takes back the sandwich from Jerry's hand and sit on the couch.)
GEORGE: Elaine.
ELAINE: So I spoke to some of my sisters about that coffee shop.
JERRY: Oh, the sisters (he sits at the table)
(Elaine goes into Jerry' bedroom)
GEORGE: (to Jerry) Have you seen the waitresses in there lately? I never had so much coffee in my life.
ELAINE: So we decided I should go over there and apply for a job myself.
GEORGE: Apply for a job? What for?
ELAINE: Because, it's discriminatory (she comes back wearing one of Jerry's shirts, untucked)
GEORGE: It's a coincidence.
JERRY: This is what you gonna wear?
ELAINE: Yeah.
JERRY: You're not gonna get the job.
ELAINE: Exactly.
(phone rings, Jerry gets up and answers, Elaine sits on the couch's arm next to George and takes a bite of his sandwich)
JERRY: (to the phone) Hello. Oh, hi. Yeah I guess we could do that. At what time? All right. I'll see you there. O.K., bye. (hangs up)
ELAINE: Who was it?
JERRY: TV Elaine. She wants to get together and talk about the part.
ELAINE: What about the dogs?
JERRY: They're having sex in the hotel room.
(scene ends)
[setting: Peter McManus cafe, same table as earlier]
(Jerry and TV Elaine: Sandi Robbins)
SANDI: So, the Elaine character is based on someone you know.
JERRY: Yes.
SANDI: And she's really your ex-girlfriend?
JERRY: Uh, Huh, yeah.
SANDI: I want to get to know her from the inside. What is she like? Tell me about her.
JERRY: Well, she's fascinated with Greenland. She enjoys teasing animals, banlon, and seeing people running for their lives. She loves throwing garbage out the window, yet she's extremely dainty.
SANDI: How would she eat a hamburger?
JERRY: With her hands.
SANDI: What about pasta?
JERRY: Also with her hands.
SANDI: Seriously... I want to experience everything she's experienced.
JERRY: Everything?
SANDI: Everything.
JERRY: All right she cuts her pasta with a knife.
SANDI: That's good. What's her favorite movie?
JERRY: Shaft.
SANDI: You got to get me a picture. What about sex?
JERRY: She likes talking during sex.
SANDI: Oh... dirty talking?
JERRY: No. Just chitchat, movies, current events, regular stuff. You know Sandi-- (looking at his watch)
SANDI: Elaine.
JERRY: What?
SANDI: Call me Elaine.
JERRY: All right. Elaine.
SANDI: How does Elaine kiss?
JERRY: Well--
SANDI: Does she kiss... like this? (she kisses Jerry)
JERRY: Actually she has a thing where she spirals her tongue around, it's like--
SANDI: Like this? (kisses again but with the spiral)
JERRY: I think you got it.
(scene ends)
[setting: Monk's]
(Kramer and Tom at a the booth behind the cashier)
KRAMER: I like to eat spaghetti with just a fork. Because I can keep the strands long, and I can slurp it out to my mouth. Like this look. (faking to slurp spaghetti) Now sex, I like the bottom. Let them do all the work. You should be writing this stuff down... (waitress comes to take the order) Bran lakes...100%. I got a big problem.
TOM: I'll have a hamburger. That's it.
KRAMER: Yeah, that's good. Oh, now I like to play golf.
TOM: This stuff doesn't matter to me. See, I'm gonna do the character like me, not like you.
KRAMER: You gotta play him like me. I'm Kramer.
TOM: I'm Kramer.
KRAMER: Whoa, I'm Kramer.
(scene cuts to Elaine who enters and walks to the manager)
Mr. VISAKI: (foreign accent) What can I do for you? Would you like a table.
ELAINE: No, I'd like to apply for a waitress job.
Mr. VISAKI: (looks Elaine up and down) Have you ever waited on tables before.
ELAINE: Oh yeah. I've been a professional waitress for the last 10 years. I've worked all over the city. These, uh, are my references. I'm sure you'll find that I'm more than qualified.
Mr. VISAKI: I don't think I need anyone else right now.
ELAINE: You're in big trouble mister. And I mean trouble with a capital 'T'. (she leaves)
Mr. VISAKI: What? What did I do?
(scene ends)
[setting: The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Office]
ELAINE: Anyway there's at least four of them, and they're all huge. And one is bigger than the next. It's like a Russ Meyer movie.
FRED: Who's Russ Meyer?
ELAINE: Oh, he's this guy who made these terrible movies in the 70's with these kinds of women. He's obsessed. He's obsessed with breasts. That's hard to say.
FRED: Anyway, go on.
ELAINE: Um... Well, there's not really much more to tell. He was looking for waitresses, and I went in to apply for the job. And, he looked me up and down and he rejected me.
FRED: (to a guy in the hall at the water cooler machine) Paul. Come in for a second. I want you to listen to this.
PAUL: (to Elaine) Hi.
ELAINE: Hi.
FRED: Paul, woman here claims there's a restaurant on the West side that's only hiring large-breasted women.
PAUL: (to Elaine) Really?
[setting: NBC, pilot's set]
(Jerry, Tom, and Michael are at the counter, rehearsing. George is standing and watching them next to another guy. Rita, Jay, Stu and Russell are sitting in the crowd's bleachers)
TOM: What do you mean made up?
JERRY: It's made up. Haagen-Dazs is made up. It's not Danish.
TOM: You're crazy.
JERRY: No I'm not. (to Michael) George. Is Haagen-Dazs Danish?
MICHAEL: What do you mean Danish?
GEORGE: (to the guy next to him) This guy stinks. (speaking of Michael)
JERRY: Danish. Is it from Denmark?
MICHAEL: No, they make it in New Jersey. It's just a Danishy name.
TOM: I can't believe that. They fooled *me* Jerry.
RITA: (to Jay) Boy, talk about a show about nothing. (Jay, the integral producer, smiles stupidly)
GEORGE: Uh, excuse me. (stopping them from rehearsing) Excuse me. (he walks to the guy's in charge of yelling: "take #!") This--This is not right. May I? (the guy looks at George with a bothered face. George then walks up to Tom and takes him away from Jerry and Michael to talk to him in private)(to Tom) You see, you're going: "They fooled *me* Jerry!" (George shakes his head with disapproval) You wanna hit 'fooled' more: "They *fooled* me Jerry!". You see the difference?
TOM: I'm not gonna say it like that.
GEORGE: Just a suggestion. (chuckles and walks back to the yelling guy)
YELLING GUY: (with the same bothered face and while he's looking at George) All right everybody, take a five.
GEORGE: (very casual and raising his hand in the air) Yep. That's five!
JERRY: George? (walks away to talk privately. George, still casual, taps on Jerry's shoulder) I don't have a lot of experience with this acting stuff. But from what I can gather, they're a little touchy about being told how to say the lines.
GEORGE: Why is that?
JERRY: I don't know, but they don't seem to like it. By the way how am I doing?
GEORGE: Oh, you're fine... you're fine. (looking at Tom in the back and then quieter to Jerry) So you think this guy playing Kramer took the raisins?
JERRY: Why would he steal a box of raisins?
GEORGE: Yeah, it's bizarre. (they both look around them suspiciously)
(scene cuts to the bleachers with the producers)
RITA: (to Jay about Russell) What's with him? (to Russell) Russell? (louder) Russell?
RUSSELL: What?
RITA: You O.K.?
RUSSELL: Yeah. No, uh, I was just thinking of something. I'll be back in a second. (he gets up and leaves)
(scene cuts to Jerry sitting next to Sandi. They're both going through their copy of the script)
SANDI: What's the matter?
JERRY: Nothing.
SANDI: You're acting weird. Is anything wrong?
JERRY: No.
SANDI: Are you breaking up with me?
JERRY: Are we going out?
SANDI: You're breaking up with me, aren't you? (almost crying)
JERRY: Do you want me to break up with you?
SANDI: If that's what you want.
JERRY: I don't even know what you're talking about.
SANDI: Fine. Break up with me.
JERRY: All right. We're broken up.
SANDI: (little pause) Can we still be friends? (Jerry raises his head, staring ahead and wondering what's going on)
(scene cuts to George and Tom standing, backstage)
GEORGE: Remember when you came to audition for us?
TOM: Yeah.
GEORGE: There was a box of raisins on the coffee table. Did you, by any chance, take them with you when left?
TOM: What are you talking about?
GEORGE: Well we were all eating the raisins. And I remember you--you were eating some of the raisins. And then you left, and the raisins were gone. And I was just wondering if, you know (chuckles), maybe you took them with you.
TOM: Are you accusing me of stealing the raisins?
GEORGE: Oh, no, no--
TOM: (angry) Why would I steal a box of raisins!?
GEORGE: No you wouldn't. Nobody would. It's just that... they were missing, and... well I'm just inquiring. (chuckles nervously)
TOM: Let me give you a word of advice. O.K.? I want you to stay away from me. I don't wanna talk to you, and I don't wanna hear anymore of your stupid little notes and suggestions. I don't like you. So if you got any other problems whether it's raisins, prunes, figs, or any other dried fruit, just keep it to yourself and stay out of my way, O.K.?
GEORGE: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. All right. I don't think we're gonna have any problem with that. (chuckles nervously) Good talking to you Tom. Really.
(scene cuts to Russell, still on the set, but on the phone with Elaine)
RUSSELL: (nervously, almost desperately) Elaine. Elaine. What do you want? What can I do? Is it my job? Is that what it is? Elaine I can't go on like this. Will you call me? Would you call me? Well, why? All right. May I call you? Elaine? Elaine? (she hung up. An employee walks by, bumps into Russell and spills coffee accidentally on him)
DAVID: Excuse me Mr. Dalrimple. I am so sorry.
RUSSELL: All right. All right. What's your name?
DAVID: David Richardson.
RUSSELL: Get out! You're fired!
DAVID: But Mr. Dalrimple--
RUSSELL: Don't talk back to me. Didn't you hear what I say? Get out! You want me to call the cops? I make and break little worms like you every day. Do you know how much money I make? Do you have any idea! Do you know where I live? I can have any woman in this city that I want. Any one. Now, GET OUT! (David leaves. Everyone on the set is looking at Russell) What are you all looking at? Go back to work! BACK! NOW! (they do, Russell leaves)
(scene ends)
[setting: Jerry's]
GEORGE: The doc called and said the lab's backed up and now I'm not gonna get the results for another two days.
JERRY: Ah! You're fine. There's nothing wrong with you. I'm the one who's dying.
GEORGE: What do you mean?
JERRY: Because I can't act! I stink! I don't what I'm doing!
GEORGE: Come on you're... uh... you're fine.
JERRY: This show's gonna ruin my entire career. I don't know how I got involved in this.
GEORGE: What about me? I was a total failure. Everything was fine. Now this thing's gonna be a success and God's gonna give me a terminal disease.
JERRY: This actress playing Elaine, she's out of her mind.
GEORGE: The guy playing Kramer threatened me.
JERRY: Why?
GEORGE: 'cause I asked him about the raisins.
JERRY: You mentioned the raisins.
GEORGE: Oh yeah.
JERRY: Did he take 'em?
GEORGE: I don't know.
JERRY: Well if he didn't take 'em, what happened to 'em?
GEORGE: That's what I'm trying to find out.
(Kramer enters slowly and carefully)
JERRY: Hey.
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Any luck?
KRAMER: No. No, nothing. I got no... peristalsis.
JERRY: What about bran?
KRAMER: I tried bran-- 40%, 50% 100%. The bran isn't working for me.
JERRY: Well my friend, (Jerry puts his hand on Kramer's shoulder) it may be time to consider the dreaded apparatus.
KRAMER: Pfft! Hold it right there. If you're suggesting what I think you're suggesting, you're wasting your time. I am not Jerry, under any circumstances, doing any inserting in that area.
JERRY: Oh, it's not that bad!
GEORGE: Yes it is.
(Elaine enters)
ELAINE: Well it's all taken care of. I filed a report. An investigation is underway.
JERRY: (to Elaine) So, you going to the taping tomorrow night?
ELAINE: No. I don't think I should go. I really don't wanna bump into Russell. He called me the other day. He won't quit.
JERRY: Oh, come on you gotta go! He's harmless. He's got a little crush on you.
ELAINE: Jerry, this is not a crush. This is a complete fixation. he makes me very uncomfortable.
JERRY: We need you there!
ELAINE: (to Kramer) Hey are you gonna go?
KRAMER: No. No. I'm gonna stay home. I want to be close to my home base in case there's any news from the front. (he leaves)
(scene ends)
[setting: NBC, pilot's set, the taping]
The taping is about to begin.
People are walking into the studio.
Jerry is getting a makeup.
Michael walks around backstage, he seems nervous and agitated.
Rita, Stu and Jay are sitting in the crowd. Russell is missing.
George looks at his lip in a mirror.
Tom is sitting in his dressing room, eating the raisins.
Elaine walks into the studio, wearing and adjusting a blonde short-haired wig, and also wearing bold glsasses.
Scene cuts to the drugstore where Kramer is buying the dreaded apparatus.
Sandi, sitting next to Jerry who's still getting a makeup, is having her hair done.
SANDI: (to her hairdresser) No! Pick it up more in the front! It's got to be higher! Higher! Make a wall! A wall!
ASSISTANT DRESSER: Sandi, are you in wardrobe? Sandi?
JERRY: Try Elaine.
ASSISTANT DRESSER: Elaine?
SANDI: Yes?
(scene cuts to the crowd. Elaine is sitting in the front with her disguise, and a guy behind her taps on her shoulder)
WILTON: Elaine? It's me-- Wilton Marshall. Remember? Camp Tioga-- 1978? Remember?
ELAINE: Oh, right.
WILTON: Wow! You know you haven't changed a bit.
(scene cuts to Michael, backstage, still walking around nervously. He sees Jerry andruns to him)
MICHAEL: I can't remember my lines!!!
JERRY: Just relax, you'll be fine.
MICHAEL: I can't relax. I don't know what line! I don't know any of 'em!
JERRY: You're just like George. George'd do the same thing. You're just like him. It's amazing!
MICHAEL: Help me Jerry! Help me!
(scene cuts to the producers in the crowd)
RITA: (to Stu) Where is Russell?
STU: You know I don't know. I thought he was coming. I assumed he wouldn't miss it.
JAY: He hasn't been well.
STU: (to Rita) Can I tell you something in confidence? I think it's a woman.
RITA: How pathetic.
(scene cuts to George on the same phone as Russell earlier)
GEORGE: This is George Costanza, I'm calling for my test results. Negative? Oh, my God. WHY! WHY! WHY? What? What? Negative is good? Oh, yes of course! How stupid of me. Thank you. Thank you very much. (he hangs up)
(scene cuts to the crowd and we see Joe Devola is there)
(scene cuts to Kramer entering his apartment with the dreaded apparatus)
(scene cuts to George, happy, eating and double-dipping chips. Tom is staring at him, George notices him, and aborts a double-dip)
GEORGE: (he walks casually to Tom, and taps his arm) Listen. I know we've had our problems in the past, but we got a show to do tonight. Time to pull together as a team. Life's too short. I say, let's let bygones be bygones. If you took the raisins, if you didn't take the raisins-- They weren't even my raisins. I was just curious because it seems like a strange to do to walk into a room, audition, and to walk out with a box of raisins. Anyway, whatever. If you ever want to tell me about it, the door to my office is always opened. In the event that I get an office. You'll come in, we'll talk about the raisins. We'll have a nice laugh.
TOM: How would you like it if I just pulled your heart out of your chest right now, and shoved it down your throat?
(scene cuts to the presentor, Pat Hazell, talking to the crowd)
PAT HAZELL: Are you ready to meet our cast? (crowd applause) All right.
(scene cuts to Kramer holding and staring at the dreaded apparatus, then closing his bathroom's door.)
(scene cuts to Jerry, holding a microphone and talking to the crowd)
JERRY: Good evening, folks. How you doing? (small reaction from the crowd) Well, you sound like a great crowd. We have a show we're gonna put on for you tonight. It's a new TV show. It's what they call a pilot. And we hope it becomes a series. It's called 'Jerry', and I'm playing Jerry--
JOE DEVOLA: (getting up then shouting) SIC SEMPER TYRANNIS! (he jumps over a balcony and on the stage. The crowd is yelling)
(scene ends)
[setting: Jerry's]
GEORGE: Sic semper tyrannis? What is that, Latin?
JERRY: Yeah, it's what John Wilkes Booth yelled out when he shot Lincoln.
GEORGE: Really? What does it mean?
JERRY: It means: "Death to tyrants".
GEORGE: I can see that.
(Elaine enters)
ELAINE: See, now this is exciting! This is exciting! Did I miss anything already?
JERRY: No, it starts in five minutes. You were there at the taping, what's the big deal?
ELAINE: Nah, now it's on TV. It's different. I told everybody I know to watch it.
GEORGE: Yeah, me too.
JERRY: Hey, what about Russell? Did you hear from him?
ELAINE: No.
JERRY: Strange. Even not showing up at the taping...
(Kramer enters, singing and dancing)
KRAMER: Hey, pistol-packin mama, you swing that gal around, Allemande left with the old gray hag, around and around you go. Yee-ha!!
JERRY: Well, well, well.
ELAINE: Congratulations.
KRAMER: Well, thank you.
GEORGE: You went for the big "E".
KRAMER: Wet and wild.
JERRY: All right. Come on sit down. It's about to start.
KRAMER: Oh, yes.
(Elaine finds something under the couch cushions)
ELAINE: Hey, what's this? Look. A wallet.
JERRY: A wallet? Let me see that.
ELAINE: Here.
JERRY: Ah, man! It's my father's wallet! The one he thought they stole at the doctor's office that time.
GEORGE: Shh! This is it!
JERRY: How do you like that?
(The show begins. There are three different settings while the show is on TV. Each line or description will be preceded by the right setting:
[Jerry's] Jerry's apartment with Elaine, George and Kramer watching the pilot.
[TV] The pilot
[Viewers] Characters from the season 4, watching TV in their home and commenting on the pilot.)
TV
(Jerry's doing his stand-up routine at a comedy club. There's the music theme and we don't hear what he is saying, but the closed captions put that:
"I get into a car accident. The guy that hit me doesn't have any insurance. So the judge sentences him to be my butler. Sounds like a sitcom, doesn't it?"
We see the title 'Jerry', then, sitting at the comedy club, we see:
Micheal, Sandi, and Tom, and finally Jerry, and the four of them make a toast while it's written: "Created by Jerry Seinfeld and George Costanza".
Jerry's
(they all applause as the intro ends)
ELAINE: Bravo!
(Kramer taps George on the shoulder)
GEORGE: You hurt me.
TV
(Jerry's apartment, Michael knocks and enters)
MICHAEL: Hey.
JERRY: Hey George.
MICHAEL: New sneakers?
JERRY: Yeah.
MICHAEL: What do you need new sneakers for?
JERRY: I like sneakers.
MICHAEL: How do you make a decision which one to wear? I'd go crazy if I have to decide which sneakers to wear every day.
JERRY: Nah, you're crazy anyway.
Viewers
***
(Susan and Allison from 'The Smelly Car'. They're eating popcorn, sitting on a couch)
SUSAN AND ALLSION: (to each other while they recognize one of George's behaviors in Michael) George!
***
(Sid and the housekeeper from 'The Old Man')
SID: What kind of stupid show is this? Hey! It's that idiot that took all my records! (the houskeeper starts laughing)
***
(John-John and Marla the virgin from 'The Contest'. Marla is under the bed sheets while John-John is sitting at the end of the bed, with the TV remote in his hands)
MARLA: John, what are you doing? Come back to bed.
JOHN: (with a Boston accent) This show looks interesting. Isn't he that Seinfeld fellow you went out with?
MARLA: Ooh, he's horrible! Horrible!
JOHN: Nevertheless...
***
(The Drake, who went back with the Drakette, Allison, from 'The Handicap Spot'. They watch the pilot on a tiny mini-TV with a tiny antenna)
THE DRAKE: Ah, that Jerry's a funny guy. Huh? Got to love the Sein!
ALLSION: Hate the Sein! (while she adjusts the tiny antenna)
***
(Ping and Cheryl from 'The Visa'. They talk in Chinese and we see sub-titles in English)
PING: I can't believe you liked him.
CHERYL: I thought he was dark and disturbed.
PING: Real perceptive.
***
(Donald and his parents from 'The Bubble boy'. We see his arm coming off the bubble, between his parents. He doesn't have the TV remote anymore. His parents are laughing)
DONALD: This is a piece of crap!
MOTHER: Donald, you used to like him.
DONALD: What a sellout! Give me that remote!
MEL: No, Donald.
(he grabs the remote from his father's hand and the three of them start to fight)
Jerry's
(Jerry is getting a soda from the refrigerator)
KRAMER: Come on Jerry, the commercials almost over.
JERRY: All right.
ELAINE: You know Jerry I really like this guy who's playing the butler.
JERRY: Oh yeah. He's good. You know he's John Ritter's cousin.
ELAINE: Really?
JERRY: Yeah.
TV
(doorbell, Jerry opens the door, it's the butler, Charles)
JERRY: Hello, Charles.
CHARLES: Hello. So, where do you want me to start today?
JERRY: Why don't you start in the bedroom?
CHARLES: (to himself, upset) Start in the bedroom...
(Tom enters)
TOM: Hey.
JERRY: Hey. The butler's here.
TOM: He is? Listen. When he's finished, send him over to my house.
JERRY: I'm not sending him to your house.
TOM: Why not?
JERRY: Because the judge decreed he'd become my butler, not my friend's butler.
TOM: Jerry, he is your butler. You can give him any order you want. That's what butlers do.
JERRY: But I don't want to.
KRAMER: Jerry, my house is a pigsty, come on.
(buzzer, Jerry presses the button)
JERRY: Yeah?
SANDI: (from the buzzer's speaker) It's Elaine.
JERRY: Come on up.
(The butler comes back from the bedroom with a can of Pledge)
CHARLES: I need more Pledge.
JERRY: More Pledge! I just bought two cans last week and I don't even have any wood in the house!
CHARLES: Well, it goes fast.
(Sandi enters)
SANDI: (to Charles, very friendly) Hello.
CHARLES: Hello. (he goes back in the bedroom)
JERRY: What's all this about?
SANDI: We had a date.
JERRY: You had a date? You went out with my butler? Who said you could go out with my butler?
SANDI: Why do I need your permission?
JERRY: Because he's my butler!
Viewers
***
(Morty and Helen laughing)
MORTY: That's terrific!
HELEN: How could anyone not like him?
***
(Calvin Klein with Tia from 'The Pick')
C.K.: I like his style. He has a sort of casual elegance.
TIA: But he picks his nose.
C.K.: Nevertheless...
***
(Sal Bass and Sidra from 'The Implant')
SAL BASS: He's a member of our health club. Isn't he?
SIDRA: Yeah...
SAL BASS: You know that Kim Novak has some big breasts?
***
(Newman sleeping and snoring in his chair while a baseball game is on TV)
TV
(final monologue at the comedy club)
JERRY: Ever notice a lot of butlers are named Jeeves?
(quick shot at Jerry's they all watch)
JERRY: You know I think when you name a baby Jeeves, you've pretty much mapped out his future, wouldn't you say? Not much chance is gonna be a hitman I think after that. (with a British accent) "Terribly sorry Sir, but I'm going to have to whack you".
(end of the pilot and of the three different settings)
[setting: back to Jerry's]
ALL: (applauding and shaking hands) Wooh! Yeah!
ELAINE: Wow! That was great! That show was so funny. It was really funny. I'm not just saying that cause I know you. Honestly.
JERRY: Let's go out and celebrate! (they all get up)
ELAINE: That was so good.
JERRY: Come on let's eat something. (phone rings)
ELAINE: You know what I think this thing is gonna get picked up George. You guys are gonna be rich!
GEORGE: Do you really think so?
ELAINE: Oh yeah.
GEORGE: And God didn't kill me.
JERRY: (to the phone) Hello?
RITA: Hi Jerry, this is Rita Kierson.
JERRY: Oh, hi Rita.
RITA: I'm calling to let you know that Russell Dalrimple is no longer with this network.
JERRY: Oh, my God. Did he get fired?
RITA: To be honest with you. Nobody really knows. He seems to have disappeared.
JERRY: Russell's disappeared?
RITA: In any event, I've been made the new president of NBC. As you may or may not know, Russell and I did not see eye to eye on many, many projects. And as my first order of business, I'm, uh, passing on your show.
JERRY: You're passing already? But the show just ended two minutes ago!
RITA: Well, I just got the job. Goodbye, Jerry.
JERRY: Yeah, see ya. (he hangs up)
(Jerry and George stare at Elaine)
ELAINE: What-- What are you looking at me for?
GEORGE: It was you!
ELAINE: What did I do?
JERRY: Do you realize his obsession with you cost us a TV series?
ELAINE: I didn't know that he'd fall for me and I'd drive him insane. I mean, you know, that's not my fault.
GEORGE: Yes it is! You're very charming!
ELAINE: I can't believe this? What happened to him? Where the hell is he?
JERRY: No one knows.
(scene ends)
[setting: Greenpeace raft on the ocean, following a whaler]
(Russell with two other guys in the Greenpeace boat)
RUSSELL: She works for Pendant Publishing. She's the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. You know, I used to work for NBC, but when I go back to her this time, she'll respect me.
MAN ON RAFT: You'd better get down. They might start firing soon. (harpoon fires)
(scene ends)
[setting: Monk's]
(The restaurant is full of men, some of them standing and waiting for a table. Jerry, Elaine, George and Kramer enters)
JERRY: Hey look at this. What is going on here?
GEORGE: Well, well, well.
ELAINE: Nothing has changed. How did this happen? (she sees the two guys of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission at a table) Ah, these are the two guys I talked to at the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Hey! What are you two guys doing here? I thought you were gonna do something about this. Now you're eating here?
FRED: Oh no. That's why we're here. We're checking things out.
PAUL: Yeah, we're checking it out.
ELAINE: (to Paul) You're checking it out?
(a man is leaving the restaurant and walks by Fred and Paul's table)
MAN: (to Fred and Paul) See you back at the office, guys.
Mr. VISAKI: Fred, Paul, lunch and dinner? Boy, you guys ought to move in. How about a piece of pie on me? Sophia! Take care of these fellows.
ELAINE: (to the manager) Hey! Come here a second. I want you to know something. You are not gonna get away with this!
Mr. VISAKI: Get away with what?
ELAINE: Ah, "with what?" You know what. With the waitresses. How they're all... alike.
Mr. VISAKI: Of course they're alike. They're my daughters.
(they all show smiles of surprise)
ELAINE: (embarrassed, but smiling) Oh, your daughters.
GEORGE: You must be very proud Mr. Visaki. (shaking his hand) And may I say sir they're lovely girls, absolutely lovely girls. It's nice to see such fine upstanding women in gainful employment, Mr. Visaki.
Mr. VISAKI: Oh, here's a table for you.
GEORGE: A table right here.
Mr. VISAKI: Peggy!
GEORGE: Peggy! (they all sit) His daughter Peggy. Peggy's coming over to serve.
JERRY: What a family!
Mr. VISAKI: My daughter Peggy.
GEORGE: Ah! Peggy. Good to see you.
ELAINE: Hi Peggy.
GEORGE: Thank you very much. (Peggy leaves the menus and walks away) So guess what I got do tomorrow?
JERRY: What?
GEORGE: Start looking for a job.
KRAMER: You know what you ought to do George? You should work for Greenpeace. You those people they attack the whalers out on the open sea.
GEORGE: Are you crazy? You take your life in your hands with those nuts.
(scene ends)
[setting: Greenpeace raft]
(Russell fell off the boat but still hangs on to a rope. The other man, still in the boat is screaming to him and holds the rope.)
MAN: Keep fighting matey! Get your head above the water! I've got you matey! I've got you! Matey! (he loses the rope) I'll remember her name! Elaine Benes! I'll write to her. I'll tell her all about you and what you did out here! Goodbye, matey! Goddbye!
(we see the script of the pilot 'Jerry' floating on the ocean)
[Opening Monologue]
How 'bout that seedless watermelon? What an invention, scientists are working on this. You know other scientists devote their lives to fighting cancer, aids, heart disease. These guys are goin' 'No, I'm focusing on melon. Oh sure thousands of people are dying needlessly. But this (makes a spitting noise) that's gotta stop. You ever try to pick a wet one up off the floor? It's almost impossible I'm devoting my life to that.' So I guess if they can get rid of the seeds the rind is goin' next. What do we need that for? Get rid of the rind. They're not going to stop till they're making in the ground ready to eat fruit cups, growin' right out of the ground.
[location: Monk's]
(Jerry and George at the usual booth)
JERRY: So, what's her name?
GEORGE: Karen.
JERRY: Is she nice?
GEORGE: Great.
JERRY: So you like her?
GEORGE: I think so.
JERRY: You don't know?
GEORGE: I can't tell anymore.
JERRY: Well do you feel anything?
GEORGE: Feel? What's that?
JERRY: All right, let me ask you this: when she comes over, you're cleaning up a lot?
GEORGE: Yeah.
JERRY: You're just straightening up or you're cleaning?
GEORGE: Cleaning
JERRY: You do the tub?
GEORGE: Yeah.
JERRY: On your knees, Ajax, hands scrubbin', the whole deal?
GEORGE: Yeah, yeah.
JERRY: Okay, I think you're in love!
GEORGE: Tub is love?
JERRY: Tub is love.
GEORGE: Hah.
JERRY: So there you are. You've got a nice girl and a clean apartment.
GEORGE: Yep. There's one liiiittle problem.
JERRY: Sexual?
GEORGE: Yeeeaaah. (Jerry and George lean in to make their conversation a little more private) Well..... I've never really felt confident in uh..... one particular aspect.
JERRY: Below the equator?
GEORGE: Yeah.
JERRY: Nobody does. You know, nobody knows what to do. You just close your eyes and you hope for the best. I really think they're happy if you just make an effort.
GEORGE: I-I don't know. Last time I got the tap.
JERRY: You got the tap?
GEORGE: You know, you're going along, you think everything's all right and all of a sudden you get that tap. (George taps his own shoulder). You know it's like pfffff (whistling sound), all right that's enough, you're through.
JERRY: The tap is tough.
GEORGE: It's like the manager coming out and asking you for the ball.
JERRY: Well maybe she just wanted to move on to other business.
GEORGE: No, no, this wasn't moving on. I got the hook. I wish I could get a lesson in that.
JERRY: It's a very complicated area.
GEORGE: You can go crazy trying to figure that place out.
JERRY: It's a haaazy mystery.
GEORGE: Anyway, I think everything else is okay. Unless of course she's faking.
(Elaine joins them)
ELAINE: Who's faking?
GEORGE: Nothing.
ELAINE: Faking what?
GEORGE: Nobody's faking.
ELAINE: Ah! Orgasm?
GEORGE: She's not faking!
ELAINE: How do you know?
GEORGE: I know. I can tell. It's one of my powers. Why, did you ever fake?
ELAINE: Of course.
JERRY: Really?
GEORGE: You faked?
ELAINE: On occasion.
JERRY: And the guy never knows?
ELAINE: No.
JERRY: How can he not know that?
ELAINE: Because I was gooood.
JERRY: I guess after that many beers he's probably a little groggy anyway.
(Jerry and George laugh)
ELAINE: You didn't know.
JERRY: What?
ELAINE: You didn't know.
JERRY: Are you saying...
(George clears his throat and calls a waitress)
GEORGE: I think I'll have a piece of cake.
JERRY: With me?
ELAINE: Well...
JERRY: You faked with me?
ELAINE: Ye.
JERRY: You faked with me?
ELAINE: Yeass.
JERRY: No.
ELAINE: Yeass.
JERRY: You faked it?
ELAINE: I faked it.
JERRY: That whole thing, the whole production, it was all an act?
ELAINE: Not bad huh?
JERRY: What about the breathing, the panting, the moaning, the screaming?
ELAINE: (points in the air as is to point out each things Jerry asked) Fake, fake, fake, fake.
JERRY: I'm stunned, I'm shocked! How many times did you do this?
ELAINE: Uuuhm, all the time.
JERRY: All the time?!
GEORGE: We got a chocolate malt in here!
JERRY: But I'm so good.
GEORGE: I'm sure you are.
ELAINE: Jerry, listen, it wasn't you. I just didn't have 'em back then.
JERRY: She faked.
(George smiles sarcastically)
JERRY: Maybe they've all been faking.
ELAINE: I'm sure they're not.
GEORGE: Maybe Karen is faking.
[location: Jerry's apartment]
(Kramer is lighting his cigar on the stove)
KRAMER: She was probably joking.
JERRY: No no, it was no joke.
KRAMER: She didn't have any?
JERRY: No. None.
KRAMER: (raising hand) She faked 'em all.
JERRY: (raising hand) Faked 'em all.
KRAMER: Well so she faked 'em, so what?
JERRY: The woman had an orgasm under false pretences. That's sexual perjury.
KRAMER: You know I heard her screaming from my apartment? She woke me up a few times.
JERRY: How did she do it? She's like Meryl Streep this woman. And I had to work the equipment. I'm not unskilled, I'm in the union. If she'd at least told me, maybe I could have done something about it.
KRAMER: Yeah I could have helped you out.
JERRY: What could you have done?
KRAMER: I could have given you some pointers. I know how to press those buttons buddy.
JERRY: I'm feeling very inadequate about the whole thing.
KRAMER: Aaaaah.
JERRY: Don't aaaaah! I'm supposed to do something with her later? I don't even think I wanna see her.
(The phone rings)
KRAMER: Giddy-up.
(Jerry picks it up)
JERRY: Hello... Oh hello Elaine.
(Elaine at her desk in her office)
ELAINE: So we're having dinner tonight?
JERRY: I don't know, I'm not really in the mood.
ELAINE: Why? What's wrong? You're not still thinking about this afternoon are you?
JERRY: What, the grilled cheese? Naaah, they always burn the toast.
ELAINE: Nooo, the other thing.
JERRY: Oooh that. Well...
ELAINE: Oh come on, Jerry. Making to much of a big deal about it.
JERRY: Yeah I guess. So you wanna meet at that place at seven thirty?
ELAINE: Okay.
JERRY: All right.
ELAINE: All right, see you later.
JERRY: Bye.
ELAINE: Bye.
(The Location stays at Elaine's office)
[location: Elaine's office]
(Elaine hangs up the phone; Rene walks passed the office)
ELAINE: Rene, can you come here a second? Let me ask you something: Ummm, have you ever... you know... faked it?
RENE: Yeah, sometimes.
ELAINE: Really, like when?
RENE: Like if we went to a Broadway show, if we had really good seats. (Elaine is sitting there, jaw opened shaking her head yes) Well you know, if it's enough all ready and I just wanna get some sleep.
[location: Jerry's apartment]
(Resume at the point Jerry hangs up his phone from the conversation with Elaine)
JERRY: I really don't feel like seeing her.
KRAMER: You know, I faked it.
JERRY: (confused) What?!
KRAMER: Yeah.
JERRY: You faked it? Why would you do that?
KRAMER: Well you know, if it's enough already and I just wanna get some sleep.
JERRY: Yeah, but why would you... (Kramer is eating a peach then disgusted he spits it out) Bad peach?
KRAMER: It's terrible!
JERRY: Did you get that at Joe's?
KRAMER: Yeah, of course I got it at Joe's.
JERRY: That's surprising, his fruit is usually the best.
KRAMER: You know what I'm gonna do? (heading for the door) I'm gonna return this.
JERRY: You're returning used fruit?
KRAMER: Jerry this peach is sub par.
(Kramer exits)
[location: Joe's]
JOE: So what do you want me to do?
KRAMER: I want restitution.
JOE: Restitution? You want restitution? Why should I give you restitution?
KRAMER: Because it's no good.
JOE: When you put that fruit out, that's where it ends for me.
KRAMER: It's still your fruit, you gotta stand behind your fruit.
JOE: I stand behind my fruit.
KRAMER: So...
JOE: Hey, you got a bad peach? That's an act of God. He makes the peaches. I don't make the peaches, I sell the peaches. You have a problem? You talk to him.
KRAMER: You know this whole place is going vrrrrrrrrrrrrt, downhill. I could have come in here last week with a bad plum but I let it go.
JOE: Well let me put a solution for ya: do your business elsewhere, I don't want your business.
KRAMER: Oh now you don't want my business.
JOE: No, I don't want your business and from this moment you're banned from the store, you're banned!
KRAMER: But what am I gonna do for fruit?
[location: restaurant]
(George and Karen having dinner)
KAREN: (moaning) Mmmmm, Mmmm, Hmmhmmhmmm (lights a cigarette) Mmmm (takes a puff) Woo
GEORGE: (thinking of the moans) Heh. (Karen takes another puff of her cigarette) You seem like you really enjoyed your Risotto. (chuckles) You have a very contented air over there. (chuckles again) You look very contented, very satisfied. (pauses) Are you satisfied?
KAREN: I'm very satisfied.
GEORGE: I-I'm sure if you weren't satisfied you would probably say something wouldn't you?
KAREN: I probably would. But then again I'm an enigma.
GEORGE: Hey listen... umm, instead of the movie... uh, maybe we'll go back and uh you know...(nudges her head with his head)
KAREN: Maybe.
GEORGE: So... uh you feel okay about that whole thing... what we do in there... you're generally okay with everything in there?
KAREN: Generally.
GEORGE: Do you uh feel the way you feel after the Risotto?
KAREN: Well no, I feel full after the Risotto.
GEORGE: Yeah...(scratching his head) full.
[location: (another) restaurant]
ELAINE: Oh god, Mmmm, Mmm, Mmm, Mmmmm, Mmm, Ah, Woo
JERRY: Satisfied?
ELAINE: Mmm, hey, you know what? You wanna go see that new Meryl Streep movie?
JERRY: Meryl Streep?
ELAINE: You don't like her?
JERRY: Ah, she's okay.
ELAINE: I love her Jerry, she's so authentic. I really believe everything is actually happening to her. There's no acting there.
JERRY: Yeah. You don't want coffee or anything do you?
(Calls for the waiter)
ELAINE: I really admire actors, you know. It's just such an incredible skill.
JERRY: Yeah, yeah, can we get off of this?
ELAINE: What's the matter?
JERRY: Nothing.
ELAINE: You're not still thinking about that are you?
JERRY: Nooo.
(Jerry and Elaine somewhat chuckling)
ELAINE: Oh good.
JERRY: Give me another shot!
ELAINE: (shocked) What?
JERRY: Another shot, I want another shot.
ELAINE: You mean...?
JERRY: Yes!
ELAINE: Oooh no, I don't think so.
JERRY: Come on! One shot, I can do it, I know I can do it!
ELAINE: Jerry, we're friends! We can't do that, it would ruin our friendship.
JERRY: Oh friendship... friendship, shmanship .
ELAINE: Jerry no, that's important to me.
JERRY: We won't ruin the friendship.
ELAINE: Ya, Yes we will!
JERRY: Elaine...
ELAINE: No Jerry, it is out of the question. You know what sex does to a friendship, it kills it.
JERRY: A half hour, give me a half our.
ELAINE: No!
JERRY: Okay, fifteen minutes. I guarantee you fifteen minutes, I can make it happen!
ELAINE: Noo!
JERRY: You're worried I'll be able to do it aren't you?
ELAINE: What, no, it doesn't matter. Jerry, I don't care.
JERRY: That's it, that's it. You like having this over me, you don't want me to do it.
ELAINE: That is so ridiculous.
JERRY: Come on, Elaine!
ELAINE: No.
JERRY: Elaine?!
ELAINE: No!
[location: Karen's bedroom]
(George and Karen in bed; George indicates that the sex went wrong)
GEORGE: It's Jerry's fault.
KAREN: Jerry?
GEORGE: Jerry and Elaine. They made me nuts.
KAREN: Oh I don't care, George, really it's all right.
GEORGE: So you feel okay?
KAREN: Well, it's not like after the Risotto.
[location: Jerry's car]
JERRY: Well good night.
ELAINE: I still don't understand why we had to walk out on that movie.
JERRY: Oh that Meryl Streep, she's such a phony baloney.
ELAINE: Goodnight. Thanks for a really fabulous evening (sarcastic).
JERRY: Oh what, you're upset?
ELAINE: Yes I'm upset, can't you tell?
JERRY: No I can't, maybe you're faking.
ELAINE: I'm really, really sorry I told you that.
JERRY: I'm sorry too.
ELAINE: Well stop being such a baby.
JERRY: You're a baby!
ELAINE: You're a baby!
[location: Jerry's apartment]
GEORGE: It's all your fault! You and Elaine! All that orgasm talk. She did have an orgasm, she didn't have an orgasm. Orgasm this, orgasm that. I got so focused on it. I started to panic and boom, I lost it. I tried everything, I was talking to him: 'Please wake up, do something.'
JERRY: They're mysterious little fellows aren't they?
GEORGE: I hate him!
JERRY: You know it happens to everybody. It happened to Houdini. And he could get out of a trunk under water with his hands in chains! But he had a problem with that. The miracle is that it ever happens.
GEORGE: It's like a magic trick. Sometimes I think it would be easier to bend a spoon mentally than to make that transformation.
(Kramer enters)
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Hey.
KRAMER: Hey listen, if I give you money would you go out and get me some fruit?
JERRY: Why can't you get it?
KRAMER: Well I got banned from the store I can't go back in there now.
JERRY: What happened?
KRAMER: Well you know, we had a fight over the peach and uh well Joe doesn't want my business.
GEORGE: Hey, was that a joke about Houdini?
JERRY: (to George) No. (to Kramer) I told you not to say anything.
KRAMER: Jerry, what am I gonna do for fruit?
JERRY: Well you'll have to go to the supermarket.
KRAMER: The supermarket? That's impossible! They don't have a decent piece of fruit at the supermarket. The apples are mealy, the oranges are dry. I don't know what's going on with the Papayas! Jerry you gotta go to Joe's, you gotta get me some fruit!
JERRY: Oh so what I'm going to buy all your fruit now?
GEORGE: Well if Houdini couldn't do it, what chance do I have?
(George leaves)
(The phone rings, Jerry picks it up)
JERRY: Hello... Oh hi Patty, thanks for calling me back. I-I just wanted to ask you a question: when we we're going out did you have orgasms?... Okay, thanks... No that's it... Ya, Okay, bye.
(Jerry hangs up the phone)
JERRY: Patty Lawrence had 'em!
KRAMER: Alright look I'm gonna make you a fruit list, all right?
JERRY: Yeah.
(Jerry makes another call)
JERRY: Hello Elaine? Patty Lawrence had orgasms what do you think about that? And I got calls in to six other women and I bet you they confirm an orgasm too. So what do you have to say now Elaine?... Hello?
[location: outside Joe's]
JERRY: Why do I feel like I'm doing something wrong?
KRAMER: All right now here's the list. (hands Jerry the list)
JERRY: All this? It's too much. What do you need five mangos for?
KRAMER: I like mangos.
JERRY: Avocado? I don't know how to pick out an avocado.
KRAMER: Well they gotta be soft.
JERRY: How soft?
KRAMER: Not too soft. Better too hard than too soft.
JERRY: (looking over the list) Hmm ah. I'm not going through this every week, I tell you that right now. And what are these? Plums? What is that?
KRAMER: Yeah now get the ones that are red on the inside.
JERRY: Uh huh. Well how do I know what they look like on the inside? What do they look like on the outside?
KRAMER: Oh! And get some plantains. (grabs the list to write them down)
JERRY: Plantains?
KRAMER: Yeah.
JERRY: What the hell is a plantain.
KRAMER: It's part of the banana family. It's a delicacy.
JERRY: (grabbing the list from Kramer) You're not getting any plantains.
(Jerry enters Joe's; Kramer is outside looking in through the window)
JERRY: Hey Joe.
JOE: How's it going?
JERRY: Good, just getting some fruit for myself. Uh, gotta have fruit in the house. I like it as a snack. Wholesome, natural, chock-full of vitamins. Alright let's see... mangos... four plums with red on the inside... avocado... (looks at Joe; Joe gives him a weird look)ooo, just right... and three plantains uh ought to do it.
JOE: All right, all right, just hold it right there.
JERRY: What?
JOE: This fruit isn't for you.
JERRY: (shocked) Wha, what are you talking about?
JOE: You think I don't know huh? Mangos, plantains, plums with the red on the inside, that's Kramer!
JERRY: I can't buy mangos and plantains?
JOE: All right, get out!
JERRY: You're making a big mistake, Joe!
JOE: I'll tell you something else: I don't what your business anymore either.
JERRY: Are saying you're banning me from the store?
JOE: That's exactly what I'm saying.
JERRY: I'm banned?!
JOE: You're banned.
[location: Jerry's apartment]
(George enters with four huge bags of fruit)
GEORGE: All right, where do you want it?
JERRY: Put it over there.
KRAMER: Yes! Oh look at this, these mangos are beautiful! Oh these are beautiful, (smells them) you did good George.
(Kramer leaves the apartment)
GEORGE: All right I gotta get going.
JERRY: What are you doing?
GEORGE: I got a date with Karen. I don't know what I'm gonna do. Nothing happening down there.
JERRY: You're thinking about it too much. You're putting too much emphasis on it.
GEORGE: I knew this was gonna happen some day. It was inevitable. I've known it ever since I was a little kid. I've been waiting for it.
(Kramer enters the apartment)
KRAMER: This mango is delicious!
GEORGE: That reminds me, I'm not getting you guys any more fruit. That guy was eyeballing me the whole time. He gave me the creeps. All right, you owe me twenty-eight sixty.
JERRY: Sorry, I don't have any cash.
KRAMER: I only got hundreds.
GEORGE: You see... All right I knew it.
KRAMER: Come on, come on, we're gonna pay you! Here have some mango.
GEORGE: I don't want any mango.
KRAMER: Come on, take some. It's good.
(George tries a piece)
GEORGE: Very good. Juicy.
KRAMER: Ya.
GEORGE: Ripe. Boy, this Joe's got some terrific fruit.
KRAMER: Mmm.
(George looks a little weird)
JERRY: What?
GEORGE: I feel like I got a B12 shot. This is like a taste explosion!
KRAMER: Ya I told you.
(George stands still)
JERRY: What is it?
GEORGE: I think it moved. Oh my god, I think it moved. Yeah, give me the big piece. I'll see you later.
(Elaine enters the apartment)
ELAINE: Hi George.
GEORGE: I'm back, baby, I'm back!
(George leaves the apartment)
KRAMER: Want some mango?
ELAINE: Noo, thanks.
(Kramer leaves the apartment)
JERRY: Well well, if it isn't the first lady of the American Theatre. (Elaine smiles and rolls her eyes at him) What brings you here?
ELAINE: Just gonna return some of your things that were in my house.
JERRY: Oh and I've got some things of yours here.
ELAINE: I know.
JERRY: Well I'll get them.
ELAINE: I'm waiting.
JERRY: All right. (goes into his hallway and comes back) You got my fins?
ELAINE: Yeah I got your fins. You got my poker chips?
JERRY: I got your poker chips. You got my goggles?
ELAINE: They're next to the fins. You got my cards?
JERRY: They're next to the poker chips.
(They switch bags; Elaine checks her bag, Jerry tosses his on the table)
ELAINE: All right and that just about... does it.
JERRY: I guess.
ELAINE: Okay, welp... see you around.
JERRY: Yeah, see you.
(Elaine opens the door gets about half way out; Jerry goes to look inside his bag; Elaine comes back in and slams the door closed)
ELAINE: All right, let's go, I give you half an hour.
JERRY: (shocked) What?
ELAINE: Come on!
JERRY: Are you serious?
ELAINE: Look, Jerry, we have to have sex to save the friendship.
JERRY: Sex... to save the friendship. (Elaine drops her bag, takes off her jacket and walks into Jerry's bedroom) Well, if we have to (un-tucks his shirt) we have to.
[location: Karen's bedroom]
(George and Karen in bed)
KAREN: Mmmm, Oh George, oooh.
GEORGE: Please, it's not necessary.
KAREN: Mmm What's not necessary?
GEORGE: The little extra moan you threw in there. Laying it on a bit thick, don't you think?
KAREN: What are you talking about?
GEORGE: What am I talking about? Come on. (laughing) You don't think I bought all that? (does a little move)
KAREN: What, what?
GEORGE: You're very good. Very good with the moanings and the gyrations. Y-You really had me going there for a minute.
KAREN: You think I was faking?
GEORGE: Come on: 'Oh George, oh Geeeooorge!' Come on! Not that I don't appreciate the effort that was put into it.
KAREN: I'd like you to leave.
GEORGE: What?
KAREN: I said, I would like you to leave. Come on, just get your clothes on and get out.
GEORGE: But why?
KAREN: Because I said so. (pushes George off the bed)
GEORGE: I-I-I can't find my glasses.
KAREN: Well hurry up.
GEORGE: I need to look for my glasses.
KAREN: (seen through George eyes all blurry) Get out! Get out!! Get out!!!
[location: Jerry's bedroom]
(Elaine is reading a magazine and Jerry is making desperate noises indicating how the sex went wrong similarly to George's indications)
JERRY: It's all George's fault. All that talk about impotence. It got to me. And that orgasm stuff: orgasm this and orgasm that. It's a lot of pressure!
ELAINE: You know I'm a little hungry. You wouldn't happen to have any of that mango left?
(Jerry looks like he's got an idea)
[Closing Monologue]
The female orgasm is kinda like the bat cave, very few people know where it is and if you're lucky enough to see it you probably don't know how you got there and you can't find you way back after you left. There are two types of female orgasms: the real and the fake. And uh I'll tell you right now, as a man, we don't know. We do not know, because to a man sex is like a car accident and determining the female orgasm is like being asked 'What did you see after the car went out of control?'. 'Uh I heard a lot of screeching sounds, uh I remember I was facing the wrong way at one point. And in the end my body was thrown clear.
[Opening Monologue]
There's no way that moving in with your parents is a sign that your life is right on track. There's no way that you could fake this even, 'Ya things doing great, I've got a terrific girl, I got a great girl, making a lot of money, and if everything goes according to plan I'm gonna be moving back in with my parents soon.' It's like getting busted on a parole violation and getting thrown back into the slammer. 'In the opinion of the board you need further rehabilitation I'm afraid.' And y-you go back into that little room of yours. You feel so huge, it's like you could take your bed and crush it with your hands. You can hold your parents between your fingers (hands like he is holding two parents between his fingers) and going 'Why was I so afraid of you people when I was growing up?'
[Setting: Jerry's apartment]
(Jerry and George are waiting for Kramer, so he can help them move George's stuff back into his parent's house)
GEORGE: I can't believe this.
JERRY: Oh, it won't be for that long.
GEORGE: How can I do this? How can I move back in with those people? Please, tell me. They're insane. You know that.
JERRY: Hey, my parents are just as crazy as your parents.
GEORGE: How can you compare you parents to my parents?!
JERRY: My father has never thrown anything out. Ever!
GEORGE: My father wears his sneakers in the pool! Sneakers!
JERRY: My mother has never set foot in a natural body of water.
GEORGE: (Showing Jerry up) Listen carefully. My mother has never laughed. Ever. Not a giggle, not a chuckle, not a tee-hee.. never went 'Ha!'
JERRY: A smirk?
GEORGE: Maybe!.. And I'm moving back in there!
JERRY: I told you I'd lend you the money for the rent.
GEORGE: No, no, no, no. Borrowing money from a friend is like having sex. It just completely changes the relationship.
(Kramer stumbles in)
KRAMER: Alright. I'm ready. (To George) You know, I still don't understand - why do you want to move back in with your parents?
GEORGE: I don't want to! I'm outta money! I got 714 dollars left in the bank.
KRAMER: Well, move in here.
JERRY: (Stopping the notion) What's that?
KRAMER: Why doesn't he just move in here?
GEORGE: (Sarcastic) Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna move in with him. He doesn't even let you use the toilet!
KRAMER: You can move in with me, if you want.
GEORGE: (Sincerely) Thank you.. I, uh.. that might not work out.
(Scene ends)
[Setting: The Costanza's house]
(Jerry, George, and Kramer enter carrying George's luggage. Kramer clumsily bangs the wall with one of the suitcases)
ESTELLE: Careful! Careful with the suitcases! We just painted!
KRAMER: Hello, Mrs. Costanza.
JERRY: (quietly) Hello, Mrs. Costanza.
ESTELLE: (not really noticing Jerry said Hello) Hello, Kramer. Close the door.
(They set down George's luggage)
KRAMER: Well, I gotta bring in more stuff. (Heads for the door)
ESTELLE: More stuff?!
KRAMER: Yeah. (Exits)
ESTELLE: (To George) How much is there?!
GEORGE: (Annoyed) There's more.
ESTELLE: So, how are ya, Jerry?
JERRY: Fine, Mrs. Costanza. (Attempts to get Estelle to laugh) Hey, I got a terrific joke for you..
ESTELLE: (Sits down on the couch) Nah, not interested.
JERRY: No, no. It-It's really funny. There's these two guys-
ESTELLE: (Interrupting) Tell it to the audience. (George gives Jerry an 'I told you so' look) Here, (Picks up a plate full of sandwiches) I made some bologna sandwiches.
GEORGE: Bologna?! No one eats bologna anymore!
ESTELLE: What are you talking about?! (to Jerry) Have a sandwich.
JERRY: (setting down a box) No thanks.
(Kramer enters with some more suitcases)
ESTELLE: Oh, stop it! You don't want one, Kramer?
KRAMER: Uhh.. no thanks. (Goes back out the door)
ESTELLE: I think you're all a little touched in the head. (Puts the plate down) You're so worried about your health.. You're young men.
JERRY: I really don't eat it.
ESTELLE: What am I gonna do with all these sandwiches?! Will you take them home? Give them to someone in your building?
JERRY: I don't know if I'd feel comfortable handing out bologna sandwiches in the building..
KRAMER: (Enters with a box) Alright, that's it. Anything else?
GEORGE: (Muttering) No, that's it.
(A horn honks from outside the house)
KRAMER: Oh, I gotta go move the car. Alright (Leaves)
JERRY: Well, I guess we'll be going.. (Heads for the door)
GEORGE: (Runs over to him, not wanting him to leave) What? You're going?
JERRY: Yeah.
GEORGE: Wha - what are you doing later?
JERRY: Oh, Elaine and I are going out to dinner with Kramer and his new girlfriend.
GEORGE: Really?
JERRY: Yeah, You can't believe this woman. She's one of those low-talkers. You can't hear a word she's saying! You're always going 'excuse me?', 'what was that?'
GEORGE: Yeah.. may - maybe I'll meet ya?
ESTELLE: No, George. We're going out to eat tonight with your father.
GEORGE: (Mutters) Oh.. okay.. talk to you later.
JERRY: Yeah, take it easy. (Leaves)
(George watches his mother sitting contentedly on the couch. She's staring off into space)
GEORGE: Oh, my God.. (Buries his face into his hands)
(Scene ends)
[Setting: A Restaurant]
(Jerry, Elaine, Kramer, and Leslie are all laughing)
ELAINE: Okay, well, he had this idea of a pizza place where you make your own pie! (Laughs)
JERRY: Right.
ELIANE: You remember that?
KRAMER: Yeah, well, that was a good one.
JERRY: Well..
(Kramer's girlfriend starts to mumble out some words, but Kramer's the only one who seems to hear her. Jerry and Elaine both bend forward, trying to hear what she's saying)
ELAINE: What's that?
JERRY: Excuse me?
(She 'talks' some more. Jerry and Elaine still can't hear her. They give up - leaning back in their seats)
JERRY: Yeah.. yeah.
ELAINE: Yep. Yeah..
KRAMER: You know that, uh, Leslie (Points to her) is in the clothing business? She's a designer.
ELAINE: (Interested) Oh?
KRAMER: In fact, she's come up with a new one that is going to be the big new look in men's fashion.. It's a, a puffy shirt. (Leslie mumbles to Kramer) Well, yeah, it - it's all puffy. Like the pirates used to wear.
ELAINE: Oh, a puffy shirt.
JERRY: Puffy.
KRAMER: Yeah, see, I think people want to look like pirates. You know, it's the right time for it.. to be all puffy, and devil-may-care..
(Leslie starts 'talking', Kramer laughs. Jerry and Elaine have no clue what she's saying. They lean closer)
KRAMER: (Still laughing) That's true.. (Gets up) I'll be right back. (Walks off laughing. Jerry and Elaine are left with the low-talker. A moment passes)
ELAINE: Uh, o... (Remembers something they could talk about) Jerry's going to be on the "Today" show on Friday.
JERRY: Yeah, that's right!
ELAINE: Yep.. yep. Um, he's promoting a (pauses) benefit for Goodwill, you know, they, uh, they clothe the (clears her throat) poor, and the homeless..
JERRY: (Points at Elaine) And the indigent.
ELAINE: And the indigent, yeah.. I, I do volunteer work for them. I-I set the whole thing up, and I got Jerry to do it.
(Leslie starts talking. Jerry sitting back not hearing what she said, just shacks his head; Elaine who can't hear either is leaned in trying hard to listen)
JERRY: Sure.
ELAINE: Ohh, yeah. Yeah.. yep.
(Leslie talks some more)
JERRY: Uh-huh.
ELAINE: Yep.
JERRY: Yep..
ELAINE: Mmm
(Scene ends)
[Setting: A Restaurant]
ESTELLE: Maybe you should take a civil service test.
GEORGE: (Studying the salt shaker) I'm not taking a civil service test.
FRANK: Look at this, George. (Takes a coin out of his pocket) You ever seen a silver dollar?
GEORGE: Yes, I've seen a silver dollar.
ELAINE: Why don't you want to take a civil service test?
GEORGE: To do what?! Work in a post office? Is that what you want me to do?
FRANK: Would you believe when I was 18, I had a ssssilver dollar collection?
ESTELLE: I don't understand. You get job security - you get a pay check every week..
GEORGE: I'm a college graduate. You want me to be a mailman?
FRANK: (Still looking at his coin) You know, I couldn't bring myself to spend one of these. I got some kind of a-a-a-a-a phobia.
ESTELLE: So what are you gonna do?!
GEORGE: I don't know. I do know that I have some kind of a talent - something to offer. I just don't know what it is yet!
FRANK: I bet that collection would be worth a lot of money today. (does a form of magic trick making the coin disappear as he shows George an empty hand)
GEORGE: (Looks fed up with his parents) Oh my God..
FRANK: I don't like this waiter. (Holds up his hand to get the waiters attention - starts snapping) Look at him.. He sees us.. he doesn't want to come over.
GEORGE: (Needing to get away from his parents, he gets up) I need some air..
ESTELLE: George, where are you going?!
GEORGE: (Walks off) I got a lot of thinking to do.
(Scene cuts to the front of the restaurant. George accidentally runs into a woman - causing her to drop her purse. Items spill out onto the floor)
GEORGE: Oh, I'm sorry. I'm terribly sorry.. (Bends down, and starts picking up her things)
WOMAN: Look at what you've done! You spilled my bag!
GEORGE: (Stuttering) I, I, I, .. here, let me - let me help you..
WOMAN: No, no ,no. It's all right. (Begins helping him pick her things up)
GEORGE: It - it's just that I'm here with my parents, and my mother wants me to take a civil service test - and to tell you the truth, I don't even think I'd pass it.. So..
(George hands the last of the items to her, she takes them from him, then starts to admire his hand)
WOMAN: Hmm..
GEORGE: What?
WOMAN: (Looking at both his hands intensely) Your hands.
GEORGE: What about them?
WOMAN: They're quite exquisite!
GEORGE: They are?
WOMAN: (Mesmerized) Extraordinary! Have you ever done any hand modeling?
GEORGE: Hand modeling? (Shakes his head 'No')
WOMAN: (Fishes a card out of her purse, then hands it to George) Here's my card. Why don't you, uh, give me a call? (Walks off)
(George looks at the card; A shot of the card is shown saying "Specialty Models")
(Scene ends)
[Setting: Jerry's apartment]
(George is holding up his hands for Jerry to see)
JERRY: (Shrugs) I - I don't get it.
GEORGE: Me neither!
JERRY: What is it?
GEORGE: I don't know.
JERRY: They're hands!
GEORGE: This woman just set me up for a job!
JERRY: (Gets up, and displays his own hands) Well, what about my hands? I don't see how your hands are any better than my hands.
GEORGE: What, are you kidding? (Points at the flaws of Jerry's hands) The knuckles are all out of proportion. you got hair over there - where do you get off comparing your hands to my hands?! This is a one-in-a-million hand. (Points to his own hand)
JERRY: Well, that's what comes from avoiding manual labor your whole life.
GEORGE: This is it! It happened to me, Jerry! I was sitting in the restaurant, the two nut jobs were talking - I couldn't take it any more. I got up, and (Makes a noise) I bop into this woman..
JERRY: It's just like in the movies.
(Enter Kramer)
KRAMER: Hey. (He's carrying a suit cover. He hangs it on Jerry's coat hooks)
JERRY: Hey.
KRAMER: Hey, George! (Holds out his hand. George shakes it - a hand buzzer goes off. George starts freaking out. Kramer laughs)
GEORGE: OH!!!! What are you, crazy?! Are you, crazy?!
KRAMER: What?!
GEORGE: You coulda damaged my hand!
KRAMER: (Laughing) But, it's only a toy!
JERRY: (Explaining) George has become a hand model.
KRAMER: A hand model?
JERRY: Yes.
KRAMER: (To George) Really? Let me see your hands.
GEORGE: (Defensively) You can look at them, but do NOT touch them. (Holds them out)
KRAMER: Let's see.. (studies them) oh, those are nice. You know, I've never noticed this before? They're smooth.. creamy.. delicate, yet (Turns to Jerry) masculine.
GEORGE: (Takes two oven mitts from his back pack) Alright, (puts them on) I gotta get going.
JERRY: Oven mitts?
GEORGE: (Embarrassed) That's all I could find. (A moment passes) Would you mind getting the door?
KRAMER: Yeah..
JERRY: Alright. (Jerry opens the door for George)
GEORGE: Thank you very much. (Walks out)
(Jerry shuts the door, then starts going through his mail)
KRAMER: You're not going to believe what happening with Leslie. You know, ever since you agreed to wear the puffy shirt on the Today show, she's been getting all these orders from boutiques and department stores..
JERRY: Uh-huh.. (Finally realizes what Kramer said, he looks up) Since I said what?
KRAMER: Agreed to wear the puffy shirt. (Starts unzipping the suit cover)
JERRY: What are you talking about?
KRAMER: When you said that you'd agree to wear the puffy shirt on the Today show. (Takes the ridiculous puffy shirt out of the cover)
JERRY: (Goes up to it) This?
KRAMER: Yea.
JERRY: I agreed to wear this?!
KRAMER: Yeah, yeah.
JERRY: But, when did I do that?
KRAMER: When we went to dinner the other night.
JERRY: What are you, crazy?!
KRAMER: What were you talking about when I went to the bathroom?
JERRY: I don't know! I couldn't understand a word she was saying! I was just nodding!
KRAMER: (makes his pop sound) There you go.
JERRY: Where I go? You mean she was asking me to wear this ridiculous shirt on national TV, and I said 'Yes'?!
KRAMER: Yes, yes! You said it!
JERRY: But, I - I didn't know what she was talking about. I couldn't hear her!
KRAMER: (Takes it off the hook, and starts walking toward Jerry with it. He backs defensively backs away from it) Well, she asked you.
JERRY: I - I can't wear this puffy shirt on TV! I mean, look at it! It looks ridiculous!
KRAMER: Well, you gotta wear it now! All those stores are stocking it based on the condition that you're gonna wear this on the TV show! The factory in New Jersey is already makin' em.
JERRY: They're making these?
KRAMER: Yes, yes. This pirate trend that she's come up with, Jerry, this-this is gonna be the new look for the 90's. You're gonna be the first pirate!
JERRY: (Like a little kid) But, I don't want to be a pirate!
(Scene ends)
[Setting: The Costanza house]
(George is giving himself a manicure over a tray. He's carefully primping his fingernails)
ESTELLE: I knew it. I knew it.. I always knew you always had beautiful hands. I used to tell people. Frank, didn't I use to talk about his hands?
FRANK: (Looking up from his paper) Who the hell did'ya ever mention his hands to?
ESTELLE: (Getting annoyed) I mentioned his hands to plenty of people!
FRANK: You never mentioned them to me!
GEORGE: (Snaps, then points to the coffee table) Hand me an Emory board.
(Estelle hands an Emory board to George. He takes it, then goes back to his manicure)
ESTELLE: I always talk about your hands - how they're so soft and milky white..
FRANK: No! You never said milky white!
ESTELLE: (Getting angry) I said milky white!
(A moment passes as George fights to keep his temper down around his parents)
GEORGE: (To Estelle) Scissor. (She gets the scissors from the coffee table and hands them to George with the point facing him) Don't hand them to me with the point facing out!
(Estelle, visibly nervous, reacts, flipping the scissors around)
ESTELLE: I'm sorry.
GEORGE: You're sorry?!
ESTELLE: (Apologizing) I'll try to be more careful.
GEORGE: (Stern, angered) I hope so. (Takes the scissors)
(Another moment passes as George primps his hands)
ESTELLE: Georgie.. (Nudges George's arm, disrupting his work with the scissors) Oh, Georgie, would you like some Jell-O?
FRANK: (To Estelle, referring to the Jell-O) Why'd you put the bananas in there?!
ESTELLE: (Yelling) George likes the bananas!
FRANK: (Trying to match her tone) So let him have bananas on the side!
(George stands up with the manicure tray. He's obviously had enough)
GEORGE: Alright! Please, please! I cannot have this constant bickering!.. Stress is very damaging to the epidermis! Now, I have an important photo session in the morning - my hands have got to be in tip-top shape, so please - keep the television down, and the conversation to a minimum.
ESTELLE: (Meek) But Georgie.. what about the Jell-O?
GEORGE: (Definite) I'll take it in my room. (Walks off)
(Scene ends)
[Setting: A Today Show dressing room]
(Jerry's in a back room, getting dressed while Kramer's thumbing through a magazine. There's a knock at the door)
KRAMER: Yeah, come in.
(A Today Show stagehand enters)
STAGEHAND: I just wanted to let you know he's got about five minutes.
KRAMER: Giddy-Up. (Stagehand leaves) Jerry! Five minutes!
(Jerry walks out from the back room wearing the 'puffy' shirt. He has the expression of extreme resentment)
KRAMER: Now that's a great looking shirt! (Gets up, admiring the shirt) Aye Captain! (Growls like a pirate) Yeah! I'm glad I ironed it. It's perfect. (Walks around Jerry, inspecting the shirt) Look at it! It's fantastic!
JERRY: (Resisting) Kramer, how am I gonna wear this?! I-I can't wear this!
KRAMER: (Reassuring) Hey, this look's better than anything you own. You know, in two months time, everybody's gonna be wearing the (imitates a pirate) pirate look!
(A knock at the door, Kramer answers it - it's Elaine)
KRAMER: Yeah.
ELAINE: Hi, Kramer. Guess what - I just saw Bryant Gumbel, he said he might help out at the benefit!
KRAMER: Great.
(Elaine stops in her tracks when she sees Jerry in the shirt. Then, bursts out laughing hysterically)
ELAINE: (Between laughs) What is that?!
KRAMER: It's the puffy shirt. Look at it, eh? Whatd'ya think? Is it cool or what?
ELAINE: (To Jerry) Why're you wearing that now?
JERRY: (Obviously mad at the situation he's in) 'Why am I wearing is now?? I'll tell you why I'm wearing it now - because the lowtalker asked me to, that's why! And I said 'yes'. Do you know why? Because I couldn't HEAR her!
ELAINE: When did she, (Snickers) when did she ask you this?
JERRY: When we were at dinner, when Kramer went to the bathroom.
ELAINE: I didn't hear anything.
JERRY: (Yelling out) Of course not! Nobody hears anything when this woman speaks!
ELAINE: (Just now making the matter serious) Well, you can't wear that on the show.
KRAMER: (To Elaine, muffled, low, and threatening) Elaine, you want to stop?
ELAINE: (Turning around to Kramer) Wha- What? No. (Back to Jerry) Jerry, you are promoting a benefit to CLOTHE homeless people. You can't come out dressed like that! You're all puffed up!.. You look like the Count of Monte Cristo!
JERRY: (Arms out, complaining) I have to wear it! The woman has orders for this shirt based on me wearing it on TV.. they're producing them as we speak!
ELAINE: (Arguing) Yeah, but you're supposed to be a compassionate person! That cares about poor people! You look like you're gonna.. swing in on a chandelier!
(A knock at the door, Jerry answers)
STAGEHAND: (Looking down at a clipboard, enters) Okay, let's go. (Looks up, points at Jerry's puffy shirt) Is that what you're wearing?
(Scene ends)
[Setting: A photographer's studio]
(George is holding out his hands while a man and woman marvel at them. A photographer is fooling around with a camera towards the right wall)
MAN: I've never seen hands like these before..
WOMAN: They're so soft and milky white.
PHOTOGRAPHER: You know who's hands they remind me of? (Pauses for effect) Ray McKigney.
(The woman nods as the man looks off into space)
MAN: Ugh.. Ray.
PHOTOGRAPHER: He was it.
GEORGE: Who was he?
PHOTOGRAPHER: The most exquisite hands you've ever seen.. Oh, he had it all.
GEORGE: (Hands still out, even though they've stopped looking at them) What happened to him?
(Obviously a touchy subject, the woman coyly walks over to the photographer, and they both occupy themselves. The man is left to tell George the answer to his question)
MAN: (Clears throat) Tragic story, I'm afraid. He could've had any woman in the world.. but none could match the beauty of his own hand.. and that became his one true love..
(Long pause)
GEORGE: You mean, uh..?
MAN: Yes. he was not.. master of his domain.
GEORGE: (Makes a gesture saying he understands. The man nods) But how.. uh..?
MAN: (Quick, to the point) The muscles.. became so strained with.. overuse, that eventually the hand locked into a deformed position, and he was left with nothing but a claw. (Holds hand up, displaying a claw-like shape) He traveled the world seeking a cure.. acupuncturists.. herbalists.. swamis.. nothing helped. Towards the end, his hands became so frozen the was unable to manipulate utensils, (Visibly disgusted by this last part) and was dependent on Cub Scouts to feed him. I hadn't seen another pair of hands like Ray McKigney's until today. You are his successor. (George looks down at his hands) I uh only hope you have a little more self-control.
GEORGE: (Smiling to himself) You don't have to worry about me. (Nodding, gloating) I won a contest.
(The man nods, unsure of what to say or do)
PHOTOGRAPHER: Ok, let's get to work.
(Scene ends)
[Setting: The Today Show]
(Jerry's in the guest chair, and Bryant Gumbel's in the interviewer's spot. Jerry, visibly, does not want to be there)
BRYANT: (Talking directly to the camera) Back now, 7:46. On Tuesday the 19th here in New York there will be a benefit for the Goodwill Industries - a used clothing organization that provides services to the needy. One of the performers will be comedian Jerry Seinfeld. (Turns to face Jerry) Jerry, good morning.
JERRY: (Mumbling out) Thank you, Bryant.
BRYANT: (Pointing out) And speaking of clothing, that is a very, very unusual shirt you have on.
JERRY: (Looking down at the shirt; mumbling) Oh, thank you.
(Backstage, Kramer's standing with his girlfriend. She's brimming with pride)
BRYANT: You're all kinda, (Waves his hands around) kinda "puffed up". (Chuckles)
JERRY: Yeah, it's a puffy shirt.
BRYANT: (Laughing) You look kinda like a pirate.
(Elaine, also standing backstage, closes her eyes - showing her dissatisfaction)
JERRY: (Nervous laughter) Yeah.. like a pirate.. (Attempting to get on another subject) Anyway, ah, you know, we're hoping to, um, raise enough money.. with this.. uh..
BRYANT: (Rudely interrupting, still snickering at the shirt) You.. ah, look, I'm sorry, it is just a VERY unusual shirt. It could be kind of a whole new look for you.. you know, you could put a patch over an eye, you could be kind of like the pirate-comedian.
JERRY: Uh-huh, yeah. (Smiling, nodding, clearly wanting Bryant to shut up)
BRYANT: Are you going to be wearing the shirt at the concert?
JERRY: (Losing it, mad) Look, it's not my shirt.
BRYANT: (Confused) Whose shirt is it?
JERRY: What's the difference? I agreed to wear it. It's - it's a puffy shirt. I feel ridiculous in it, and I think it's the stupidest shirt I've ever seen, to be perfectly honest with you. (Nodding)
LESLIE: (Off camera, shrill, high pitched yelling) You bastard!
BRYANT: (To Jerry) Did you hear that?
JERRY: (Pointing off screen, nodding) THAT I heard.
(Scene ends)
[Setting: Photographer's studio]
(George is modeling a watch as the man and woman stand by. The photographer is setting the camera)
PHOTOGRAPHER: (Instructing George) Alright, a little to the left.. Little higher, little higher. Good. Perfect! Perfect.
GEORGE: Like that?
PHOTOGRAPHER: Just like that. Hold it. (Takes picture) Good, ok, let me get just one more, one more. (Takes another picture) Good, that's it. You're done.
GEORGE: That's it?
PHOTOGRAPHER: (Smiling) That's it.
MAN: (Pulling a slip of paper out of his coat pocket) And here's your check. (George accepts) Thank you very much. (Pats him on the back) It was an honor.
WOMAN: It was great working with you. (Somewhat coy) Your hands are beautiful.
GEORGE: (Modest) Oh, thank you very much. (Chuckles)
WOMAN: You know, I was wondering - if you're not doing anything later, maybe you'd like to get together..?
(Scene ends)
[Setting: Park]
(George skipping along the city park path, dancing arms all the way up, rejoicing)
(Scene ends)
[Setting: Today Show dressing room]
(Jerry, still in the puffy shirt, is getting yelled at by Leslie. Kramer's trying to calm her down, she's hysterical)
LESLIE: You ruined me! You ruined my career!
JERRY: Oh, just keep your voice down. Everyone can hear you.
LESLIE: (Shouting out) Oh, I don't give a damn!
JERRY: (Reasoning) You know, if you talked this loud to begin with, I wouldn't be in this costume in the first place!
(Leslie, deeply let down, finds comfort in Kramer as they go back and sit together on a sofa. George enters, ecstatic)
GEORGE: (Quick, excited talking) Hey, hey! You can't believe this. Look at this check! (Hands it to Jerry) They told me I had the most beautiful hands they'd ever seen in their lives - except for this McKigney guy - this great looking girl gave me her phone number.. I got it! I got it all! I'm busting. Jerry, I'm busting!
ELAINE: Hey, I've never noticed your hands before. Let me see.
GEORGE: Alright. (Holds them up)
ELAINE: (Obviously not impressed, dull) Yeah, real nice.
GEORGE: (Turning back to Jerry, he takes the check back. He just now notices the shirt Jerry's wearing, and snickers, pointing) Nice shirt.. (Laughs, Jerry shrugs) What is this? Is this what you wore on the show?
(Leslie is in full attention of what George is saying, quietly steaming)
JERRY: Yeah.
(Kramer notices Leslie's state of mind)
GEORGE: What, have you completely lost your mind?
KRAMER: (Faint, trying to shut George up) Hey..
GEORGE: Who's dressing you? (Laughs) You look like a complete idiot! You know, I wouldn't wipe my- (Unable to take anymore, Leslie gets up and shoves George violently. His hands go straight for the hot iron sitting on the dressing room table. George screams out in agony) AAHHHH!!!!! (his voice is heard outside the building, on the street, and in the park were a bunch of pigeons are scared by the yelling)
(Scene ends)
[Setting: A Restaurant]
(George's hands are completely bandaged up. Elaine's stirring a cup of coffee for him)
ELAINE: You ready?
(George nods. She holds the cup up to his mouth, he takes a sip)
GEORGE: Ow! Hot! Hot!
ELAINE: (Sincere) I'm sorry.
GEORGE: (Reflecting on his life gone wrong) This McKigney guy had a few good years.. (To Kramer, bitter) How could you forget to turn off an iron?
KRAMER: Well, I was excited because Jerry was putting on the puffy shirt.
GEORGE: My whole life is ruined because of the (Mocking, bitter tone) "puffy shirt".
JERRY: (Pointing out) It didn't do me any good either! That benefit was the worst show I ever did. Some of those heckles were really uncalled for: "Avast ye matey" - what the hell does that mean?! "20 degrees off the starboard side - the Spanish Galleon!" - there's no comeback for that!
ELAINE: (Reflecting) Well, it got me fired from the benefit committee.
KRAMER: You know all those stores canceled out on her? She's finished. (Concluding) We're (Leslie and him) finished.
JERRY: Really? What happened?
KRAMER: (Showing pure irony) I just can't be with someone who's life is in complete disarray.
JERRY: What happened with all the shirts?
KRAMER: They gave them all to Goodwill.
(Finished, they all exit the cafe. George is muttering "puffy shirt.. puffy shirt.." as they meet up with two homeless men dressed in the puffy shirts with their hands out - begging for some change. George shows his two bandaged hands, then walks off with Elaine)
HOMELESS MAN: Ahh, can you spare a little change for an old buccaneer?
JERRY: (While digging in his pocket for some money, he looks over the shirts one last time) You know, it's really not a bad looking shirt..
(Scene ends)
[Closing Monologue]
Why.. do we always have to say 'excuse ME', when we can't hear what someone is saying? Why are we so guilty and so appol.. 'excuse ME, pardon ME, I'm sorry' Why can't once I go 'Nope not loud enough' Why can't I do that? Just once I would like to have the guts, you know to make that judgment, someone mumbles something you go 'Your Fault. I'm not sorry because it's your fault.'
[Opening Monologue]
I never get enough sleep. I stay up late at night, cause I'm Night Guy. Night Guy wants to stay up late. 'What about getting up after five hours sleep?', oh that's Morning Guy's problem. That's not my problem, I'm Night Guy. I stay up as late as I want. So you get up in the morning, you're alarm, you're exhausted, groggy, oooh you hate that Night Guy! See, Night Guy always screws Morning Guy. There's nothing Morning Guy can do. The only thing Morning Guy can do is try and oversleep often enough so that Day Guy looses his job and Night Guy has no money to go out anymore.
[Jerry's apartment]
(Elaine and Jerry hang out the window)
ELAINE: Do you ever spit on anybody from here?
JERRY: No. You?
ELAINE: No. Do you ever think about it?
JERRY: Yeah.
ELAINE: Me too.
(Kramer enters the apartment)
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Hey.
KRAMER: Well I got it!
JERRY: You got me the air conditioner?
KRAMER: What do you think?
JERRY: Beautiful!
ELAINE: What air conditioner?
KRAMER: Well my buddy works in an appliance store and he got us thirty percent off.
JERRY: Is it a good one?
KRAMER: Good one? It's the Commando 8.
JERRY: Commando 8?
KRAMER: 12,000 BTU's.
ELAINE: I thought you hated air conditioning. You've never had an air conditioner.
KRAMER: Yeah, but Amy likes air conditioning.
ELAINE: Oooh, you're getting an air conditioner for Amy. (In a wining voice:) Amy doesn't like the temperature up here. She's a little hoooot.
JERRY: All right.
KRAMER: Okay, so, I'm gonna measure the window up, okay buddy?
JERRY: Yeah.
KRAMER: Yeah. (George enters the apartment wearing goggles) Yeah, rock on!
(Kramer leaves the apartment)
GEORGE: I gotta get out of this city.
JERRY: So you're tunneling to the center of the Earth? (Elaine laughs silently)
GEORGE: I'm at the health club and while I'm in the pool, some guy walks off with my glasses. Who steals prescription glasses?
ELAINE: You don't have an old pair?
GEORGE: I broke 'em playing basketball.
JERRY: He was running from a bee. (Elaine laughs)
GEORGE: Now if I wanna see anything I gotta wear these.
ELAINE: George, those are prescription goggles? What is there to see in a health club pool?
JERRY: There's a lot of change down there.
GEORGE: When I find that guy, this much I vow: those glasses will be returned to their rightful owner.
JERRY: We're behind you, Aquaboy. Godspeed!
(Kramer enters the apartment)
GEORGE: What kind of a sick, demented person wants another person's glasses?
ELAINE: Yeah, especially those frames.
KRAMER: You know what you ought to do? Go see my friend Dwayne at J & T Optical on Columbus Avenue. He'll give you thirty percent off.
GEORGE: Yeah, come on.
JERRY: Hey, he just got me thirty percent off on an air conditioner.
GEORGE: Really?
KRAMER: Retail is for suckers.
GEORGE: Wow. Uh, what do I have to do?
KRAMER: You just gotta mention my name.
GEORGE: That's it?
KRAMER: That's it. (smacks George on the forehead with a ruler)
[J & T Optical]
(George tries on a pair of glasses)
GEORGE: What about these?
ELAINE: They look good. I liked the other one too. I've liked about five of them.
GEORGE: Well, it's a tough decision. I have to wear these every day. I'm deciding on a new face.
JERRY: (bored) Come on, George. Pick a face and go with it.
(George tries on some black glasses whose frames are OVERLY large)
ELAINE: Now those look good, they're very bold.
(Elaine begs George behind his back to pick a frame)
GEORGE: Yes, they are bold. Jerry, what do you think?
JERRY: (While looking at posters of women wearing glasses) I think these women would be pretty good looking if they weren't wearing glasses.
(A man with a dog enters the store)
ELAINE: Hi there, little doggy. (to owner:) Do you mind if I pet your dog?
DOG OWNER: It's okay with me.
ELAINE: Hey little doggy. (Elaine pets the dog and he bites her) Aaah!
DWAYNE: Hey, you can't have that dog in here.
(The man leaves the store taking his dog with him)
JERRY: Are you okay? Did he bite ya?
GEORGE: Can you believe that guy?
ELAINE: I'm okay, it's just a nip.
GEORGE: He just walked away! And once again I'm standing here like a little man. Well not this time! (George leaves the store and follows the dog owner) You! Dog man!
(George, without his glasses, squints and it looks like he sees something interesting. He enters the store again)
ELAINE: My leg looks pretty bad.
JERRY: Oh I'm gonna take you over to the emergency room.
ELAINE: Okay.
JERRY: (To George:) Hey, any luck? Did you catch 'em?
GEORGE: Uuh, no, no.
JERRY: All right, I'm gonna take Elaine over to the hospital.
GEORGE: (In a really strange way) Good, good, do that.
JERRY: What's the matter?
GEORGE: Oh, no, nothing.
JERRY: What is it?
GEORGE: I can't tell you.
ELAINE: (pulling on Jerry's pants from the ground) Jerry, can we go?
JERRY: Yeah, yeah, in a second, in a second. (And to George:) What do you mean you can't tell me?
GEORGE: I can't tell you, don't ask.
JERRY: I'm asking!
ELAINE: Jerry, my leg.
JERRY: Yeah, yeah, take care of it. (Jerry throws her some toilet paper) Come on, George, what is it?
GEORGE: I saw Amy making out with your cousin Jeffrey.
JERRY: What?
GEORGE: They were right outside!
JERRY: Amy and Jeffrey?
GEORGE: Yes!
JERRY: Are you sure?
GEORGE: Yes, positive.
JERRY: But you can't see, there's no lenses in those frames.
GEORGE: I know! I was squinting.
ELAINE: Okay, listen, Jerry, you just catch up with me okay? You can just follow the trail of blood.
JERRY: We're gonna have to talk about this later. (Elaine holds the door open for Jerry while holding her leg) Thank you. Taxi!
(Jerry and Elaine leave the store; George tries on another pair of glasses)
GEORGE: (To the store owner:) Excuse me, what do you think of these?
DWAYNE: Oh, we just got those in. It's a very exciting new frame.
GEORGE: Yes, it is exciting! All right, this is gonna be my new face.
DWAYNE: All right, do you have a prescription?
GEORGE: Yeah. (George hands over the prescription) Kramer...
DWAYNE: What?
GEORGE: Kramer...
DWAYNE: What about him?
GEORGE: You do know Kramer?
DWAYNE: Yes...
GEORGE: Well, I'm mentioning his name.
DWAYNE: Why?
GEORGE: Because... you know...
DWAYNE: No, I don't know. Look, I'm gonna need a deposit on these.
[Hospital]
(Elaine and Jerry are at the hospital; Elaine's wound is being fixed up by a foreign doctor)
ELAINE: Oh, come on. Cousin Jeffrey? It's not possible!
JERRY: Why not? They could have met. She loves the park, he works for the Parks Department.
ELAINE: Jerry, that is so ridiculous. But, George didn't even have his glasses on!
JERRY: But he was squinting.
ELAINE: So what? Squinting doesn't make that much of a difference.
JERRY: Are you kidding? I've seen 'em squint. He can squint his way down to like twenty, thirty vision. Once we were driving down from the Catskills and he lost his glasses. He squinted his way from Wortsborough down to the Tappan Zee Bridge! He was spotting raccoons, on the road!
DOCTER: Okay.
ELAINE: Okay? That's it? I don't need a shot?
DOCTER: Not shot, dog bite.
ELAINE: No, no, no. I know I wasn't shot. Do I need a shot?
DOCTER: Not shot, dog bite. Woof woof, not bang bang.
(the doctor exits the hospital room; Jerry and Elaine are shocked)
[Jerry's apartment]
(Jerry and Amy watch television)
JERRY: Nah, look at this. Cable's out.
AMY: Oh that's okay, we don't have to watch tv.
JERRY: No, no, no. No trouble at all, it's a principal the thing. (Jerry picks up the phone and dials the number) I like them to know that I know what's going on. That they're not... getting away with anything. Oh, I'm on hold. So, what did you do yesterday?
AMY: Yesterday?
JERRY: Yeah, you remember yesterday? Beautiful day... good day to be... out.
AMY: I didn't do anything.
JERRY: (laughing) Oh you must have done something.
AMY: No, nothing really.
JERRY: Didn't go out of the house? Didn't take a walk... on Columbus Avenue?
AMY: Well, I did go out for a little while.
JERRY: Well, your day's getting more interesting already. (Jerry shows the phone) Ah, see, told me they'd be back in a minute and THEY lied.
AMY: You can't thrust anyone.
JERRY: No you can't. (hangs up the phone) Now let's cut the ball, sister! You think I don't know about you swapping spit with somebody yesterday on Columbus Avenue?
AMY: What are you talking about?
JERRY: Look, my friend saw you.
AMY: Saw me? With who?
JERRY: You tell me.
AMY: There's nothing to tell.
JERRY: There isn't?
AMY: No.
JERRY: Oh... all right... wanna get some pizza?
(Amy stands up and walks away)
AMY: I had a feeling this was to good to be true.
JERRY: Why?
AMY: I knew there had to be another side to you.
JERRY: No, no, there's no side!
AMY: There is a side, an ugly side.
JERRY: No, no, no ugly side.
AMY: Look, I think I'm gonna go.
JERRY: Why?
AMY: It's really hot in here.
JERRY: Uuh, so we can still go out on Friday though?
AMY: Yeah. When you getting an air conditioner?
JERRY: It's coming! It's a Commando 8! 12.000 BTU's! It's gonna be like a meat locker in here.
[Jerry's apartment]
JERRY: I was an idiot for listening to you!
GEORGE: Hey, I saw what I saw.
JERRY: Ooh, everything was going so well. She hadn't seen any flaws in me. Now she sees a side.
GEORGE: What side?
JERRY: A bad side, an ugly side.
GEORGE: Ooh, so what?
JERRY: So what? I wasn't planning on showing that side for another six months. Now you make me throw off the whole learning curve.
GEORGE: Why don't you just ask Jeffrey?
JERRY: Ah, he'd just deny it.
GEORGE: There must be some way to find out.
JERRY: Amy said nothing happened.
GEORGE: What, you're gonna take her word over mine? I'm your best friend!
JERRY: Yeah, but you're blind as a bat!
GEORGE: I was squinting! Remember that drive from Wortsborough? (snapping his fingers) I was spotting those raccoons.
JERRY: They were mailboxes, you idiot. I didn't have the heart to tell you.
GEORGE: (noticing something) Hey look, a dime.
(George walks over to the other end of the room and picks up a dime)
GEORGE: Heh, Mercury head. You mind?
JERRY: (Stunned:) No, keep it. (Elaine enters the apartment) Hey what happened to you? You buzzed five minutes ago.
ELAINE: There was a dog in front of the building and it spooked me. I couldn't come in until he left.
JERRY: A little white dog?
ELAINE: Yeah.
JERRY: Snowball? You were afraid of Snowball?
ELAINE: I'm afraid of dogs now.
JERRY: He's like a squirrel.
ELAINE: Well he frightened me.
GEORGE: Did you get the shot?
ELAINE: No. He said I didn't need a shot.
GEORGE: You got bit by a strange dog and you didn't get a rabies shot?
ELAINE: What, you think I should have?
(George indicates 'yes')
JERRY: You know, you should just go back to the optical store and ask Dwayne if he knows the name of the owner of the dog.
ELAINE: All right, that's a good idea. I'm gonna do that.
(Kramer enters the apartment)
KRAMER: The AC is on it's way.
GEORGE: Pardon me, I went to see your friend Dwayne... there was no discount.
KRAMER: What?
GEORGE: That's right, no discount!
KRAMER: Well did you mention my name?
GEORGE: Yes, I mentioned your name.
KRAMER: And?
GEORGE: Pbbbs, Bubkis!
KRAMER: Now I don't believe this. That guy owes me big time. I got him off sugar! Look, I'm gonna go down there with you right now.
GEORGE: All right, let me just... I'm gonna grap an apple.
JERRY: Hey, Kramer, Elaine's afraid of Snowball!
KRAMER: Little Snowball? He runs on batteries!
(George takes a bite out of an onion)
ELAINE: You know, George, that's an onion.
GEORGE: Yes it is.
(And he takes another bite)
ELAINE: He couldn't tell an apple from an union and he's your eye witness?
GEORGE: I saw them making out, you can believe it.
JERRY: I don't know what to believe! You're eating unions, you're spotting dimes, I don't know what the hell is going on.
KRAMER: Look, all you gotta to do, is get Amy and Jeffrey together somewhere, that's it.
JERRY: Hey wait a second, wait a second. I'm going over to Jeffrey's apartment tomorrow night to pick up these Paul Simon tickets. I'm gonna surprise Amy. All I gotta do is bring her with me. And then when Jeffrey opens the door, it's Howdy Doody time.
KRAMER: Right this way, mister Doody!
GEORGE: (crying from the onion) You'll see I'm right.
[J & T Optical]
KRAMER: Hey, Dwayny.
DWAYNE: Oh hello Kramer.
KRAMER: What is going on here?
DWAYNE: What are you talking about?
KRAMER: I'm talking about the thirty percent discount.
ELAINE: Uhm excuse me... uh... a man came in here...
GEORGE: Elaine, don't interrupt, they're discounting something.
DWAYNE: Who said anything about a discount.
KRAMER: Ooh, how quickly we forget. You owe me buddy.
DWAYNE: For what?
(Kramer pulls out a candy bar)
KRAMER: Remember this?
DWAYNE: What are you doing?
KRAMER: Six months ago you were eating four of those for breakfast and chasing it with a ring ding. And two butter fingers on the train. Sounds familiar?
DWAYNE: Put that away!
KRAMER: Remember that night I found you at Dinky Donuts? You were all *hopped* up on cinnamon swirls! They wouldn't serve you anymore! You wouldn't even have any teeth if it wasn't for me taking you over to Joe's fruit stand and stuffin' cantaloupe down your throat! So much for gratitude... yeah, yeah, yeah!
DWAYNE: All right, all right, all right! I'll give him the discount, just put that thing away! This squares us.
ELAINE: Can I just have the name...
DWAYNE: Out!
KRAMER: We'll see you Dwayne.
[Jerry's apartment]
(George shows Jerry his glasses)
JERRY: I don't know what to tell you, Elton.
ELAINE: (While reading a book:) Oh oh, listen to this, this is not good, listen to these symptoms for rabies: anxiety, irritability. I got those, I'm irritable!
JERRY: (To George:) Who picked these out?
GEORGE: I did!
JERRY: They're ladies' glasses! You know all you need is that little chain around your neck so you can wear 'em while you're playing Canasta.
GEORGE: Well Elaine was supposed to help me.
(Elaine runs over to George and starts screaming)
ELAINE: Hey! I got bit by a dog! I had to go to the hospital! I was bleeding to death! I can't solve every little problem you have!
JERRY: Hey, hey.
ELAINE: I'm sorry... sorry.
(Kramer enters the apartment with the air conditioner in his arms)
KRAMER: Commando 8 has arrived!
JERRY: Take it to the window.
KRAMER: 12.000 BTU's of raw cooling power. (Kramer places the air conditioner in the window) Installed!
GEORGE: That's it? You don't have to screw it in or anything?
KRAMER: No, just plug it in and the Commando 8 does the rest. (And to Jerry:) I'll seal that up later, right?
JERRY: Just in time for Amy.
GEORGE: Oh yeah, when are you gonna execute that plan?
ELAINE: I've got such a headache. Oh, that's another symptom!
KRAMER: Of what?
JERRY: Rabies.
KRAMER: Oh that's fatal, you don't want that!
(Elaine runs over to Kramer and starts screaming again)
ELAINE: I know I don't want it! I don't need you to tell me what I don't want, you stupid hipster dufus!
JERRY: Hey, hey, what is this? What's going on here?
ELAINE: I'm sorry, Kramer, I'm sorry.
KRAMER: No, no, it's all right. I had a friend who had rabies once. (George's eating chips) May I have one of those, madam?
GEORGE: Madam? What are you calling me madam for?
KRAMER: They're ladies' glasses.
(Kramer takes George's glasses and shows him the inside)
KRAMER: Now look here, see it's right here: Gloria Vanderbilt Collection.
GEORGE: He sold me ladies' glasses!
ELAINE: I... I think I'm... I'm having trouble swallowing. I can't... I can't swallow.
KRAMER: She's got rabies, just like my friend Bob Sacamano. She's delirious. (Elaine drinks some water and drools) She's foaming at the mouth!
[Hospital]
ELAINE: Is this gonna hurt?
DOCTER: Yes, very much.
(Elaine gets the shot)
[Jerry's apartment]
ELAINE: What if Jeffrey's not home. Did you ever think of that?
JERRY: Oh he'll be home, it's Friday night. That's the big night on the Nature Channel.
ELAINE: Let me tell you this: there is no way cousin Jeffrey is dating Amy. He looks like a horse!
JERRY: He does look like a horse.
ELAINE: Yeah, he's got a real horse face. (Elaine, while looking out the window:) Here, look at this! It's the guy with the dog! (She opens the window and screams:) Hey! Hey! You down there! Remember me? I had to get shot because of your stupid dog!
DOG OWNER: Hey who are you calling stupid?
JERRY: Hey, shall we spit on him?
ELAINE: No no no no, come on, let's go downstairs.
(Kramer enters the apartment)
KRAMER: (Singing:) Oh myyyy papayaaaa. (The air conditioner wobbles) The air conditioner! (Kramer tries to keep it from falling by holding it's cord, but it snaps) I think it got the dog!
[New York Health Club's locker room]
(George is drying himself)
GEORGE: Ah, Oh boy.
BLIND MAN: Excuse me, uh I'm new here, would you mind walking me back to my locker?
GEORGE: Oh uuh, sure, why not. (the blind man hangs on to George's arm) Hey, that's the guy.
BLIND MAN: What guy?
GEORGE: The guy that stole my glasses. This time I got 'em! (George follows the man onto the street, dragging the blind man with him) Would you pick it up a little?
BLIND MAN: Where the hell are we going?
GEORGE: He's getting on a bus, damn! (To the blind man:) Those are nice glasses.
BLIND MAN: I don't like 'em, they pinch my nose.
GEORGE: Is that right?
[J & T Optical]
(George has taken the blind man with him)
GEORGE: Dwayne, my friend and I would like to exchange frames. Could you put his lenses in my frames and mine in his?
DWAYNE: (While eating a candy bar:) Yeah, we can do that.
GEORGE: And I'd like a discount.
DWAYNE: Why should I give you a discount.
GEORGE: Listen, you're lucking I'm not asking for a whole refund. (trying to speak quietly) You gave me ladies' frames!
BLIND MAN: What's that about ladies' frames?
(The man with the dog enters and the dog wears a collar)
DOG OWNER: I'm trying to track down that lady that was in here the other day, the one that was messing with my dog.
GEORGE: Yeah, well, she's trying to track you down.
DOG OWNER: Well I would love to talk with her. (George chuckles) She lives on 81st Street, right?
GEORGE: No, that's Jerry.
DOG OWNER: Really? You wouldn't happen to know what apartment he's in, would you?
GEORGE: Yeah, 5A!
DOG OWNER: Thanks a lot!
[in front of Jeffrey's apartment]
AMY: So what are we doing here?
JERRY: Oh, you'll find out.
AMY: I don't know, you're acting very mysteriously.
JERRY: Well, I'm very mysterious by nature. (Jerry knocks on the door) A lot of women find that attractive.
AMY: I find it annoying.
JERRY: Oh?
(Uncle Leo opens the door)
UNCLE LEO: Helloooo!
JERRY: Uncle Leo?!
UNCLE LEO: Come on in.
JERRY: This is Amy.
UNCLE LEO: Hello Amy.
JERRY: Unlce Leo, what are you doing here?
UNCLE LEO: Jeffrey went out tonight.
JERRY: Ooh! Very convenient.
UNCLE LEO: I'm supposed to tape this nature show for him, he loves nature. Botany, zoology. You know his botany teacher from college stays in close touch with him? They became friends!
JERRY: Oh really?
UNCLE LEO: That's pretty rare! I mean, actual friends! Like equals! They have dinner together, they have discussions...
JERRY: Uncle Leo! Did he leave any tickets here for me?
UNCLE LEO: Oh yeah yeah, I'll get 'em.
JERRY: Thank you.
AMY: What tickets?
JERRY: To the Paul Simon concert in the park!
AMY: We're going to the Paul Simon concert?
JERRY: That's right, lady!
AMY: Oh what a great surprise!
JERRY: I thought you'd like that.
AMY: Oooh, so that's why you've been acting so mysteriously.
JERRY: Now you know. That, and that alone, is the reason.
UNCLE LEO: You know Jeffrey's favorite animal: the leopard.
AMY: Why is that?
UNCLE LEO: He likes the spots. Oh uh, here's the tickets.
JERRY: Thank you.
UNCLE LEO: Oh uh, he asked me to give you a message. He said that uh he's very sorry and uh he hopes you'll forgive 'em.
JERRY: (To Amy:) Aha! So it's true! You were making out with him!
AMY: What are you talking about, I don't know Jeffrey. Oh so this is why you brought me up here?
JERRY: Oh very convincing, but it's not gonna work this time.
UNCLE LEO: What are you talking about? All he meant was that he was sorry that the seats aren't very good.
JERRY: Oh... oh... wanna get some pizza?
[in front of J & T Optical]
(George is walking with the blind man)
GEORGE: Boy, these really do pinch the nose.
(George takes of his glasses)
BLIND MAN: Tough luck! A deal's a deal.
(George looks and see what he thinks is Amy and Jeffrey without his glasses)
GEORGE: Oh my God it is them.
(George puts on his glasses again and sees it's a policewoman kissing a horse; realizing this George's reaction says "I stand corrected")
[New York Health Club locker room]
(George and Jerry after a workout)
JERRY: I still don't know how you spotted that dime. I think you planted it. Plus I had to pay that vet bill for the stupid dog. I don't know how that guy got my name.
(While Jerry goes to tie his shoes George nods his head knowing it was him)
GEORGE: Yeah. Hmm. Boy these really do pinch. I tell you, if I ever find the son of a bitch that stole my glasses...
(The camera shows George's glasses on top of his locker)
[Closing Monologue]
But I wanna know, when did glasses go from being this carefully crafted medical apparatus to just this mall impulse item? 'Honey, I'm going out for a yogurt and a pair of trifocals do you need anything?' It's always glasses in about an hour. How much are they? 75 bucks. Well here's 72 and that's about 75 ok? Oh are you trying to coordinate it with the one hour photo place, is that the idea? 'Oh yea give me the glasses, my pictures are coming out right now I need to see 'em.' A then they have those Woolworth glasses you know. They're there, they're there now. No eye examine you don't have any idea what is wrong with your eyes and the glasses are made up they are ready and waiting so you can just walk in, 'thank you, bye.' And just walk right into a wall. Bang.
In Memory of Our Friend, John Oteri
[Opening Monologue]
To me government is basically parents or adults... especially the IRS, the IRS is like Ward and June Cleaver, and we're all Wally and the Beaver and your accountant is Eddy Hascal showing you all these neat tricks to get away with stuff. Which is fine unless you get audited then you don't want some wise guy in a suit just standing there going 'You have a very lovely office here sir.' Because jail is the government's way of sending you to your room and when you meet Whitey and Lumpy in the joint, there's really gonna be something wrong with the Beaver.
[Monk's]
(Jerry, George and Elaine at he booth behind the cash register)
JERRY: So, does he like you?
ELAINE: What do you think?
JERRY: You like him?
ELAINE: Yeah, yeah like him, definitely like him. I like him a lot.
GEORGE: So, what's wrong with him?
ELAINE: Nothing, and I've looked.
GEORGE: Well, I'm sure you'll find something.
JERRY: So, how did you meet him?
ELAINE: In the office.
JERRY: So, he's a writer.
ELAINE: Yeah.
JERRY: Yeah, big surprise.
ELAINE: So, I was sitting at the reception desk, I was looking pretty hot. I was wearing my sling back pumps.
GEORGE: What are those?
ELAINE: Ask your mother, (making fun of George's living situation) you live with her now, don't you? Anyway, so then this guy comes up to me and starts feeling my jacket through his thumb and his forefinger like this.
(Elaine feels George's material)
JERRY: So, what did you do?
ELAINE: I said: "So, what do you think?". And he said, "Gabardine?". And I said, "Yeah." That was it.
GEORGE: Wow, just felt your material?
ELAINE: Yeah...Jake Jarmel.
GEORGE: Sounds like a cool guy.
JERRY: Sounds like a jerk. Felt your material, come on.
GEORGE: Jerry, where did you get that sweater?
JERRY: Oh, what do you think? I found it at the back of my closet.
GEORGE: I think that's what the back of closets are for.
(Elaine looks out the window)
ELAINE: Hey, that's Barry. Look it's Barry. (taps on the window)
JERRY: (taps on the window) Hey...
ELAINE: Hi.
GEORGE: Who's that?
JERRY: That's Barry Prophet, he's our accountant.
GEORGE: I don't know how you can let this guy handle all your money.
ELAINE: Oh, he doesn't handle my money, he handles Jerry's money. He just does my taxes.
(Barry comes in)
JERRY: Hey Barry, how you doing?
BARRY: Hey, how are you?
(Jerry and Barry shake hands)
JERRY: This is my friend George.
BARRY: Hi George. (shakes George's hand)
ELAINE: Hi, what are you doing on this neighborhood?
BARRY: Nothing really. (sniffs; looks around) You, eh, you eat here?
JERRY: Yeah, so how's my money?
BARRY: Well it's still green. (sniffs twice)
JERRY: What, you got a cold?
BARRY: No, no.
ELAINE: Wow, look at that ring.
BARRY: (showing off the ring to Elaine) Oh, uh you like that? (Elaine not amused gives Barry a polite laugh; Barry sniffs) Say uh, where's the bathroom?
JERRY: Bathroom uh, bathroom's uh right over there.
BARRY: (turns looking in the direction Jerry mentioned) Oh, great.
(Barry goes to bathroom)
JERRY: Did you see that?
ELAINE: See what?
GEORGE: Yes, I saw that.
ELAINE: What?
JERRY: What was all that sniffing?
ELAINE: I don't know.
JERRY: You don't think...?
ELAINE: Oh, no! Come on Jerry.
GEORGE: He was definitely sniffing.
JERRY: I mean what if, what if, this this guy has got all my money. Plus he has got some Kramer's money with him. This guy could write checks to himself right out of my account.
ELAINE: No, I have known this guy since college. He doesn't do drugs.
JERRY: Then, what was all that sniffing?
ELAINE: Maybe it's the cold weather.
JERRY: Today's not cold.
GEORGE: All right, I gotta get going. My parents are expecting me.
ELAINE: (making fun of George as he leaves) Don't forget to wash your hands before supper.
[Costanza's. George, Estelle and Frank are eating dinner. George is pounding a ketchup bottle.]
FRANK: Why do you need all that ketchup for?
GEORGE: This is my ketchup. I bought this ketchup just so I could have as much as I want.
FRANK: So I, I talked to Phil Casacof today.
ESTELLE: Phil Casacof?
FRANK: Yeah, you know my friend, the bra salesman. He says they are looking maybe to put somebody on so I got you an interview next Friday with his boss.
GEORGE: Next Friday, what time?
FRANK: 2 o'clock.
GEORGE: That's my whole afternoon! I was going to look for sneakers.
FRANK: You can look for sneakers the next day!
ESTELLE: He doesn't know anything about bras.
GEORGE: I know a little. Besides, what do you have to know?
FRANK: Well, it wouldn't hurt to go in the and be able to discuss it intelligently. Maybe you should take a look at a few bras? (to Estelle) Where is you bra? Give him a bra to look.
ESTELLE: I am not giving him a bra.
FRANK: Why not?
ESTELLE: Because I don't need him looking at my bra.
FRANK: Why, so he'll go to the interview and he wouldn't know what he's talking about!?!
GEORGE: Do we have to...?
FRANK: You don't even know what they're made from.
GEORGE: They are made from lycra-spandex.
FRANK: Get out of here! Lycra-spandex?
ESTELLE: I think they are made from lycra-spandex.
FRANK: Wanna bet? How much you wanna bet?
ESTELLE: I'm not betting!
FRANK: Take a look.
ESTELLE: All right, I'll get a bra.
(Estelle leaves)
FRANK: (Yelling to Estelle as she leaves)I don't know what the big problem is getting a bra?!
GEORGE: She doesn't want to get a bra.
FRANK: I'm not saying go to the library and read the whole history, but it wouldn't kill you to know a little bit about it.
GEORGE: All right, it wouldn't kill me.
FRANK: How long it takes to find a bra? What's going on in there? You ask me to get a pair of underwear, I'm back in two seconds...you know about the uh cup sizes and all? They have different cups.
GEORGE: Yea I-I know about the cups.
FRANK: You got the A, the B, the C and the D. That's the biggest.
GEORGE: I know the D is the biggest. I've based my whole life on knowing that the D is the biggest.
ESTELLE: Here, here's the bra.
FRANK: Let me see it.
ESTELLE: (reading the bra) 100% lycra-spandex.
FRANK: Let me see it.
ESTELLE: I told you. Here, think you know everything?
FRANK: Hmm, that's surprising. All right, what else? You got the cups in the front, two loops in the back. All right, a guess that's about it.
GEORGE: I got it. Cups in the front, loops in the back. (puts the bra on the table)
ESTELLE: You got ketchup on it!
(George takes his plate and the ketchup and leaves.)
[5A. Jerry and Kramer.]
KRAMER: Sniffing, what do you mean sniffing?
JERRY: Sniffing, with his nose.
KRAMER: Jerry, he probably had a cold.
JERRY: No, I asked him.
KRAMER: So, what are you saying?
JERRY: I don't know, you know, what if...?
KRAMER: Drugs? You think he's on drugs?
JERRY: I don't know.
KRAMER: Jerry
JERRY: All I know he was sniffing.
KRAMER: Listen, we went in on a CD together.
JERRY: I know.
KRAMER: And Newman gave you money too. So, I didn't even meet this guy. You know, we trusted you.
JERRY: Look, it doesn't necessarily mean anything yet, it just means he was sniffing.
KRAMER: Well, what else? Was he nervous? Did he use a lot of slang? Did he use the word 'man'?
JERRY: No, he didn't use 'man'.
KRAMER: I mean when he was leaving did he say "I'm splittin'"?
JERRY: No, but in one point he did use the bathroom.
KRAMER: Whoh!
JERRY: Do you think that's a bad sign?
KRAMER: Yes!! Yes, that's what they do! They live in the bathroom! All right, what are we going to do? We are going to get our money back, right?
JERRY: I don't know. (takes off his sweater) This sweater really itches me. You want it?
KRAMER: (grabbing the sweater) Yeah.
[Elaine's apartment. Jake is there and Elaine comes in.]
ELAINE: Hello.... hello, oh...
JAKE: Well, you notice anything?
ELAINE: You have cleaned out the whole apartment and you're making dinner. You're perfect, you're a perfect man.
(Jake feels Elaine's coat material.)
JAKE: Ooh...
ELAINE: Did anyone call?
JAKE: You got a few messages, I wrote them down.
ELAINE: Where are they?
JAKE: Lets see, they are (looking for the paper; finds it; hands it to Elaine) here they are.
ELAINE: Thank you. (looking at the messages) Oh ya, heh, I'll call you back. Ooh, Myra had the baby! Oh, my God that's wonderful! Who called?
JAKE: She did.
ELAINE: She did? Oh, that's so great!
JAKE: Where do you keep the corkscrew?
ELAINE: In the drawer on the right. Hmm...
JAKE: What?
ELAINE: Nah it's nothing.
JAKE: What is it?
ELAINE: It's nothing.
JAKE: Tell me.
ELAINE: Well, I was just curious why you didn't use an exclamation point?
JAKE: What are you talking about?
ELAINE: See, right here you wrote "Myra had the baby", but you didn't use an exclamation point.
JAKE: So?
ELAINE: So, it's ya nothing. Forget it, forget it, I just find it curious.
JAKE: What's so curious about it?
ELAINE: Well, I mean if one of your close friends had a baby and I left you a message about it, I would use an exclamation point.
JAKE: Well, maybe I don't use my exclamation points as haphazardly as you do.
ELAINE: You don't think that someone having a baby warrants an exclamation point.
JAKE: Hey look, I just chalked down the message. I didn't know I was required to capture the mood of each caller.
ELAINE: I just thought you would be a little more excited about a friend of mine having a baby.
JAKE: Ok, I'm excited. I just don't happen to like exclamation points.
ELAINE: Well, you know Jake, you should learn to use them. Like the way I'm talking right now, I would put an exclamation points at the end of all these sentences! On this one! And on that one!
JAKE: Well, you can put one on this one: I'm leaving!
(Elaine laughs as Jake leaves)
[5A. Jerry and Elaine]
JERRY: You're out of your mind you know that.
ELAINE: Why?
JERRY: It's an exclamation point! It's a line with a dot under it.
ELAINE: Well, I felt a call for one.
JERRY: A call for one, you know I thought I've heard everything. I've never heard a relationship being affected by a punctuation.
ELAINE: I found it very troubling that he didn't use one.
JERRY: George was right. Didn't take you long.
(Kramer enters)
KRAMER: Anything new with that guy on drugs?
ELAINE: Oh, he's not on drugs.
KRAMER: Then why the sniffing? Who walks around (sniff, sniff) sniffing?
ELAINE: All right, here, you call him right now. See if he's sniffing right now.
JERRY: Good idea. (Jerry calls Barry's office)
VOICE ON THE PHONE: Prophet and Goldstein.
JERRY: Yes, I'd like to speak to Barry Prophet, please.
VOICE: I'm sorry he's out of town this week.
JERRY: Out of town?
VOICE: Yes, he went to South America.
JERRY: South America?
KRAMER: South America?
JERRY: I'll call back, thank you. (hangs up the phone) He went to South America!
KRAMER: Yyyeeaaah!!
ELAINE: So what?
JERRY: Who goes to South America?
ELAINE: People go to South America.
JERRY: Yeah, and they come back with things taped to they're large intestine.
ELAINE: So, because of a few bad apples you're gonna impugn an entire continent?
JERRY: Yes, I'm impugning a continent.
KRAMER: Well, I say we're going to take our money right now!
(Newman enters)
NEWMAN: Hey, hey...
JERRY: Hello Newman.
NEWMAN: Hello Jerry. (to Kramer) So, any news?
KRAMER: Yeah, he skipped out and *ptruut* went to South America!
NEWMAN: South America?! (to Jerry) What kind of snow blower you get us mixed up with?
ELAINE: Look it, gentlemen. The fact remains you still have no proof. This is all speculation and hearsay.
KRAMER: Wait, there is one way to find out. We set up a sting. You know like Abscam. Like Abscam Jerry.
ELAINE: Ohh, what are you gonna do? You gonna put on phony beards and dress-up like Arab sheiks and sit around in some hotel room. I mean come on...
JERRY: Wait a second. Maybe there is someway we can tempt him and find out...
NEWMAN: If we put our three heads together we should come up with something.
(Jerry, Kramer and Newman begin thinking)
[Jerry's Car]
(Jerry, Kramer and Newman)
KRAMER: What's today?
NEWMAN: It's Thursday.
KRAMER: Really? Feels like Tuesday.
NEWMAN: Tuesday has no feel. Monday has a feel, Friday has a feel, Sunday has a feel....
KRAMER: I feel Tuesday and Wednesday...
JERRY: All right, shut up the both of you! You're making me nervous. Where is he already? He should've been out of work by now.
NEWMAN: Hey, you know this is kind of fun.
KRAMER: Yeah, maybe we oughta become private detectives...
JERRY: Yeah maybe you should.
KRAMER: Maybe I will.
NEWMAN: Yeah, me too.
JERRY: All right, what are you gonna say to him?
KRAMER: Just gonna find out if he's interested.
NEWMAN: Hey, hey maybe I should go with him?
JERRY: No, you stay here in the car.
NEWMAN: Who made you the leader?
JERRY: All right Newman, one more peep outta you, you're out of the whole operation!
NEWMAN: Alright.
JERRY: There he is. He's going into that bar.
KRAMER: All right, I'm going in.
JERRY: Be careful Kramer.
(Kramer leaves)
NEWMAN: I shoulda gone in with him.
JERRY: No, you stay here in the car. I may need you.
NEWMAN: What you need me in the car for?
JERRY: I might need you to get me a soda.
[Bar]
(Barry is drinking by the counter. Kramer enters)
KRAMER: I'll have a brewsky, Charlie.
BARTENDER: The name's Mitch.
KRAMER: Oh, there's nothing like a cold one after a long day, eh?
BARRY: Yeah.
KRAMER: Oh yeah, I've been known to drink a beer or two. But then again, I've been known to do a lot of things. (Waiter opens the counter which hits Kramer on the head) Cigarette?
BARRY: (sniffs) No, I never touch them.
KRAMER: I suck'em down like Coca-Cola. Well here's to feeling good all the time. (Kramer drinks the beer and smokes the cigarette at the same time. Barry sniffs) Looks like you've got yourself a little cold there, eh fella?
BARRY: I don't think so.
KRAMER: Me neither.
(Kramer puts the cigarette back in his mouth the wrong way)
[Jerry's Car]
(Newman is now in the passenger seat)
JERRY: You should try this new dental floss Glide, it's fantastic.
NEWMAN: I use dental tape.
JERRY: You should try this.
NEWMAN: I don't wanna.
JERRY: Not even once?
NEWMAN: No.
JERRY: You're an idiot.
NEWMAN: Why, because I use dental tape?
JERRY: Right, anyone who uses dental tape is an idiot.
[Bar]
KRAMER: South America?
BARRY: Yeah, yeah.
KRAMER: Well that's a burgeoning continent.
BARRY: Well, they are expanding their economic base.
KRAMER: Tell me about it.
BARRY: (sniffs) Excuse me, I gotta goto the bathroom.
KRAMER: I'm hip.
BARRY: Hip to the what?
KRAMER: To the whole scene. (sniff)
BARRY: What scene?
KRAMER: The bathroom scene. (moves his knows as you would if you sniffed)
BARRY: Listen, don't take this personally, but when I'm coming back I'm sitting over there.
KRAMER: What ever turns you on.
[Jerry's Car]
(Newman takes a dental floss out of his mouth.)
NEWMAN: No, no I don't like it.
JERRY: What do you mean you don't like it? How could you not like it?
NEWMAN: I like the thick tape.
(Newman puts dental floss on the dashboard. Jerry looks disgusted.)
[Bar]
(Kramer enters the bathroom, kicks the door open and takes a photograph)
BARRY: Heeyy!! What kind of a nut are you?
[George's job interview.]
FARKUS: So, basically George the job here is quite simple. Selling bras.
GEORGE: Well, that interests me very much Mr. Farkus.Very much indeed, sir.
FARKUS: Have you ever sold a woman's line before?
GEORGE: No, but um I have very good report with women, very good, comfortable. And from the first time I laid eyes on a brassieres, I was enthralled.
FARKUS: Hum. tell me about it.
GEORGE: Well, I was 14 years old. I was in my friends bathroom. His mother's brassieres were hanging on the shower rod and I picked it up, studied it. I thought, I like this. I didn't know what way or what level, but I knew: I wanted to be around brassieres.
FARKUS: That's an incredible story. You have a remarkable passion for brassieres.
GEORGE: Well, they're more than an underwear to me Mr. Farkus. Two cups in the front, two loops in the back. How do they do it?
FARKUS: Well, I think I can say, barring some unforeseen incident, that you will have a very bright future here at E.D. Granmont.
GEORGE: Thank you Mr.Farkus, thank you very much indeed sir.
FARKUS: See you monday 9 o'clock.
GEORGE: If you don't mind, sir. I'll be here at 8.
FARKUS: Excellent.
GEORGE: So long, Mr. Farkus.
(George leaves the office and goes to the elevator. A women there is waiting for the elevator. George feels her blouse material.)
MS. DE GRANMONT: What you're think you're doing?
GEORGE: Oh, nothing...
MS. DE GRANMONT: Farkus, get out here!
FARKUS: Yes, Ms. De Granmont?
MS. DE GRANMONT: Farkus, who is this pervert little weasel?
FARKUS: Uh, this is Costanza, he's our new bra salesman. (George's offers his hand to shake) He's supposed to start on monday.
MS. DE GRANMONT: If he's here on monday, you're not. Take a pick.
FARKUS: (to George): Get out! (to Ms. De Granmont) I'm terribly sorry Ms. De Granmont...
[Pendant publishing. Elaine is at Lippman's office.]
ELAINE: You wanted to see me, Mr. Lippman?
LIPPMAN: I was just uh going over the Jake Jarmel book and I understand you worked with him very closely on this.
ELAINE: Yes (clears her throat) yes I did.
LIPPMAN: And uh, anyway I was just reading your final edit and um, there seems to be an inordinate number of exclamation points.
ELAINE: Uh well um, I felt that the writing lacked certain emotion and intensity.
LIPPMAN: Ah, (reads an excerpt) "It was damp and chilly afternoon, so I decided to put on my sweatshirt!"
ELAINE: Right, well...
LIPPMAN: You put exclamation point after sweatshirt?
ELAINE: That's that's correct, I-I felt that the character doesn't like to be ch-ch-chilly...
LIPPMAN: I see, (reads another excerpt) "I pulled the lever on the machine, but the Clark bar didn't come out!" Exclamation point?
ELAINE: Well, yeah, you know how frustrating that can be when you keep putting quarters and quarters in to machine and then (prrt) nothing comes out...
LIPPMAN: Get rid of the exclamation points...
ELAINE: Ok, ok ok ...
LIPPMAN: I hate exclamation points...
ELAINE: ...ok I'll just....
[5A. Jerry, Kramer, Newman writing a letter. Elaine reads on the couch.]
JERRY: 'Dear Barry. Consider this letter to be official termination of our relationship effective immediately.'
KRAMER: Exclamation point.
ELAINE: You still have no proof.
KRAMER: Elaine, he was sniffing like crazy around me.
JERRY: 'I will expect all funds in form of cashier checks no later than the 18th'.
KRAMER: Double exclamation point!
NEWMAN: Will that take care of ours too?
JERRY: Yeah, I'll give you yours as soon as I get my money back.
NEWMAN: Hey, you want me to mail it? I'm on my way out anyway.
JERRY: Yeah, thanks.
NEWMAN: It'll be my pleasure.
(Kramer puts the photograph in the envelope. Newman and Kramer laughs and Newman leaves.)
NEWMAN: See'ya later.
JERRY: You know this...
(Knock on the door. It's pizzaguy)
KRAMER: Hey, Ralph.
JERRY: Hi Ralph.
RALPH: What's up fellas? That'll be 14.30.
JERRY: All right.
KRAMER: Mushrooms, you got mushrooms Jerry?
JERRY: Yeah.
(Ralph sniffs and rubs his eyes.)
KRAMER: What's the matter? You've got a cold?
RALPH: No man (sniffs again) Kramer, what is this?
KRAMER: It's a sweater.
RALPH: What is it made out of?
KRAMER: I don't know, Jerry gave it to me.
JERRY: Mohair, I think.
RALPH: Mohair, that figures, I'm allergic to mohair.
JERRY: You mean you just started sniffing?
RALPH: Yeah, mohair does it to me every time.
(Ralph leaves)
JERRY: I was wearing that sweater in the coffee shop when Barry came in.
KRAMER: Jerry, I was wearing it in the bar.
ELAINE: The sweater! The sweater made him sniff! See, I told you he wasn't a drug addict.
JERRY: Oh no! The letter, Newman, it's got exclamation points all over it!
KRAMER: Not to mention the picture of him on the toilet.
(Jerry leaves the door and comes back second later)
JERRY: The what??
(Kramer looks very confused, and smiles at Jerry)
[Newman is taking the letter to the mailbox. There's a woman at same time at the letterbox.]
NEWMAN: After you.
WOMAN: Thank you.
(Newman feels the woman's coat material.)
WOMAN: Get your hands off of me! Johnny!!! Johnny!
(Newman rushes away dropping the letter on the ground. Johnny chases after him)
[Costanza's]
FRANK: What do you mean you felt the material? What, with your fingers like this?
GEORGE: So what, what is so bad about that?
ESTELLE: Who goes around feeling people's material? What can be gained by feeling a person's material? It's insanity!
FRANK: What ever happened to "Why, that's a lovely dress you have on. May I have this dance?"!!
[Monk's]
(Kramer and Elaine at the booth behind the cash register)
ELAINE: You are really lucky Newman never mailed that letter.
(Jerry enters and tosses a letter on the table)
JERRY: Sorry I'm late, I just came from a meeting with my lawyer.
ELAINE: What is this?
JERRY: It's a letter from your friend Barry Prophet's lawyer.
ELAINE: He is filing a chapter eleven. Why, what's going on, why is he filing a chapter eleven?
JERRY: Bankruptcy, bankruptcy...as in I've taken your money and spent it on drugs!
ELAINE: What do you mean, I thought it was the sweater.
KRAMER: All right, What about the money?
JERRY: What about the money? Apparently if I had dissolved my relationship with him prior to his filing chapter eleven, I've could've got the money back. Which I would've done, if a certain imbecile had been able to get to a mailbox and mail a letter!!
(Newman enters and goes to the counter.)
NEWMAN: Pair of bear claws, please.
(Jerry approaches Newman, but some women comes between and feels Jerry's shirt.)
WOMAN: Nice.
JERRY: Think so?
WOMAN: Yeah, what is it?
JERRY: Half silk, half cotton, half linen. How can you go wrong?
[Closing Monologue]
My accountant actually did take a big chunk of money from me and use it to buy drugs and the thing that was hardest for me to comprehend about this is the life choice of drug abuse and accounting. But actually it makes sense I mean why would an athlete or a musician take drugs? They have an interesting job but an accountant if ever a job required some hallucinogenic support this is the job. That should be the legal defense, you're in court "You're charged with possession of illegal narcotics" "But you're honor, I'm an accountant." "Bang, case closed. Bailiff give this man back his peyote buttons and tequila back for the drive home. Sorry to bother you sir, terribly sorry."
[Opening Monologue]
Really at the Hospital, the basic treatment everybody gets, is to lie in a bed. What is wrong with the human being, lie down. Doctor never says to you 'Well your condition isn't as bad as we originally thought we want you to kinda (leans against a door jam) lean against a door jam for seven to ten days. See how that feels' (stops leaning against the door jam) Alright it's always a bed, unless you goto the emergency room then it's a chair. You were shot, you were stabbed, you were run over. Have a seat. There's always a very uh interesting cultural ethnic mix to the hospital staff isn't it? It's like a local news team in there. The doctor is like the anchor man he's got the white hair, he's in charge, the nurse is like the feature reporter you know. You listen to her but it's always 'And now back to your doctor.' And the orderlies come in with the food and the bed pans and that's like your sports and weather.
[INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY]
(Jerry, Elaine and George are visiting with the new parents, Myra and Stan Flick and their baby Steven. Myra discreetly breast feeds the baby. Stand is in the midst of the harrowing birth story, as Jerry and Elaine alternate between boredom and squirming. George, sits by the window, staring out, ignoring the proceeding.)
STAN: ...And then baby's head comes out, and I'm screaming and my brother who's been videotaping the whole thing turns green, his eyes roll up in his head and he blacks out, he drops the camera, the camera breaks, and then, the placenta comes flying out.
ELAINE: Whoa.
STAN: And then doctor says...
JERRY: (interrupting) Thanks, that's enough.
(Jerry and Elaine exchange glances, Myra is breast feeding. Jerry winces, he can't watch. he is visibly unsettled.)
STAN: Will you look at that kid. Sucking away. Sucking like there's no tomorrow. Suck, suck, suck...
JERRY: (Looking away) Yeah, yeah, yeah.
STAN: Look at that Jerry, look at that. Sucking, sucking...
JERRY: Yeah, I looked. I saw.
STAN: This doesn't make you uncomfortable, does it?
JERRY: No, Uncomfortable? Not at all. (ASIDE TO ELAINE) My friend's wife's breast sticking out - why would that make me uncomfortable?
STAN: Look at him.
JERRY: So how long do they do this?
STAN: Jus, a year or two.
JERRY: No break?
STAN: After that comes the weaning.
JERRY: So after the sucking, comes the weaning.
ELAINE: First the sucking then the weaning.
JERRY: Well, you gotta wean.
STAN: Gotta wean.
ELAINE: Must wean.
(George walks away from the window and taps Jerry on the back)
GEORGE: What about that spot I got?
JERRY: Yeah, I saw the spot.
GEORGE: You open the door to the car, boom, you walk right into the hospital. Eh, You can't beat that spot. (starts doing a little dance) I am on a roll. I'm just willing these great parking spots.
JERRY: George...
GEORGE: Maybe the baby would like to see my spot. A positive, uplifting message to start his life out with. Huh, You can still get a great space in this city - if you apply yourself.
JERRY: (to Elaine) Where's Kramer? Shouldn't he be here by now.
ELAINE: Did you give him the room number?
JERRY: Ya, 1397.
[INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR]
(Kramer searching for the room)
KRAMER: 1937, 1937, 1937...
(A wandering patient stops him)
PATIENT: Excuse me. Do you know where the elevator is?
(Kramer looks around)
KRAMER: Uh ya, it's right around the corner there.
(Patient smiles and takes off around the corner. Kramer walks a bit further finds 1937
KRAMER: 1937.
(He enters the room. Two orderlies run down the hallway looking for someone.)
[IN HOSPITAL ROOM #2 - DAY 1 KRAMER LOOKS AROUND. THERE IS A PATIENT BEHIND A CURTAIN. OUTSIDE THE CURTAIN IS A TRAY OF FOOD. HE PICKS UP THE TRAY. KRAMER IS HUNGRY AND LIKES HOSPITAL FOOD TO BOOT. AS HE STUFF HIS FACE, HE BECOMES AWARE OF A STRANGE SOUND EMANATING FROM BEHIND THE CURTAIN. IT SOUNDS LIKE THE "OINK" OR "SQUEAL" OF A PIG. HIS CURIOSITY GETTING THE BEST OF HIM, WITH HIS MOUTH FULL, HE STEPS INSIDE THE PARTITIONED AREA. A BEAT. THEN HE COMES BURSTING OUT, SPITTING FOOD AND SCREAMING.]
KRAMER: Oh! God, It's a Pig man! A pig man!
(Kramer exits the room and runs down the hallway)
[INT HOSPITAL ROOM]
STAN: ..So anyway, Jerry, Elaine, we have something we want to ask you.
GEORGE: You gotta look at this. I pulled it in perfectly equidistant from the car in front of me and the car behind me.
JERRY: Will you shut up George.
ELAINE: I'm taking a cab home. I can't this anymore.
JERRY: You were saying Stan? I-I'm sorry about that.
STAN: Myra and I would like you and Elaine to be the Godparents of Steven.
ELAINE: Huuh, Wow.
JERRY: Me? Godfather?
STAN: Yes.
JERRY: (a la "Don Corleone") Never go against the family, Elaine.
ELAINE: What?
(Kramer Enters)
KRAMER: Hey, I just saw a pig man! A pig man! Ya know he was sleeping and then he woke up and he looked up at me an-and he made this horrible sound, this (Quells like a pig).
GEORGE: Kramer, what the hell are you talking about?
KRAMER: I'm talking about the pig man. I went into the wrong room and there he was.
GEORGE: A pig-man?
KRAMER: A pig-man. Half pig, half man!
ELAINE: That's great Kramer... So-So, anyway, tell us what's involved in being a Godparent.
JERRY: (a la "Don Corleione") Elaine, never ask me about my business!.... (SHEEPISH) "Godfather."
STAN: The most important thing is you help with the bris.
JERRY: The bris?
KRAMER: A bris? You mean circumcision?
STAN: Ya.
KRAMER: I would advise against that.
ELAINE: Wha, Kramer. It's a tradition.
KRAMER: Ya well, so was uh sacrificing virgins to appease the gods, but we don't do that anymore.
JERRY: Well, maybe we should.
GEORGE: (knocks on the window) Hey, why are all those people milling around my car?
KRAMER: I don't know.
JERRY: Maybe they're admiring your spot.
KRAMER: They're all looking up.
GEORGE: Hey, there's a guy up the roof.
KRAMER: Whoa. That's the guy that I told where the elevator was.
GEORGE: Oh well, I hope he doesn't jum...
GEORGE, ELAINE, KRAMER, JERRY, & STAN: Oh my!
(By everyone's reaction we see he has jumped. Then we heard the thud of the patient on George's Car.)
GEORGE: My car! My caaaaarrrr!
(George races out of the room.)
[INT JERRY'S APARTMENT]
ELAINE: A Mohel! What the hell is a Mohel?
JERRY: A Mohel is the person that performs the circumcision.
ELAINE: Where am I going to find a Mohel? (LOOKING THROUGH THE YELLOW PAGES, MUTTERING) Motels, models... How do you find a Mohel?
JERRY: Oh, finding a Mohel is a piece of cake. Any idiot can find a Mohel. I have to hold the baby while they do it. That's a tough job. How would you like that?
ELAINE: Hey Jerry, you ever seen one?
JERRY: You mean that wasn't uh.
ELAINE: Yeah.
JERRY: No.. you?
ELAINE: Ya.
JERRY: What'd you think?
ELAINE: (shakes her head) No, had no face, no personality. It was like a martian. But hey, you know that's me.
JERRY: Hey.
(George enters)
GEORGE: Well I just got the estimate. It's going to cost more to fix that roof than the car's worth, So I'm going over to see that hospital administrator today. Someone is gonna pay for this damage and it's not gonna be me.
JERRY: Ah, you're screwed.
GEORGE: I know, swan dives from twenty floors up, lands right on top. What do I got a bulls eye up there? He couldn't move over two feet? Land on the sidewalk. It's city property.
ELAINE: Well I have to interview a Mohel.
JERRY: How about our little Elaine huh? Attended the finest finishing schools on the Eastern seaboard. Equestrian competitions. Debutante balls. Look at her now. Interviewing Mohels.
(SUDDENLY, KRAMER ENTERS, HOLDING THE PAPER, EXPLODES WITH A SPASMOF REVELATION.)
KRAMER: YEA!
JERRY: What's the matter?
ELAINE: Are you alright?
KRAMER: Don't even question my instincts, because my instincts are honed. (RE:PAPER) Look at that.
JERRY: What now?
KRAMER: Look look.
JERRY: (Kramer shows Jerry and Elaine the paper) "Hospital receives grant to conduct DNA research".." Government funds genetic research at area hospital" ... Yeah, so?
KRAMER: pig-man, baby. pig-man.
ELAINE: If I hear about this pig-man one more time...
KRAMER: Hey, I'm tellin ya the pig-man is alive. The government has been experimenting with pig-men since the fifties.
JERRY: Oh, will you stop it. Just because a hospital studying DNA research doesn't mean they're creating a race of mutant pig-men!
KRAMER: Jerry wake up to reality. It's a military thing. They're probably creating a whole army of pig warriors.
GEORGE: I tell you something. I wish there were pig-men. You get a few of these pig-men walking around suddenly I'm looking a whole lot better. Then if somebody wants to fix me up at least they could say, "Hey he's no pig-man!"
JERRY: Believe me, there'd be plenty of women going for these pig-men. Whatever the deformity is there's always some group of perverts that's attracted to it. "Oo that little tail really turns me on."
(ELAINE GROANS AND HEADS FOR THE DOOR.)
ELAINE: (MUMBLES) That's just about enough
JERRY: Oh, what's the matter this doesn't interest you?
ELAINE: Oh, no, it's fascinating, but could you do me a favor, could ya tape the rest of the pig-men and the women who love them discussion and I'll listen to it the next time I'm here. I've gotta go find a Mohel.
KRAMER: You know, you should call this off, Elaine. It's a barbaric ritual.
ELAINE: Well, perhaps one day when the pig-men roam free it will be stopped Kramer. Until then, off with their heads.
(ELAINE LEAVES.)
GEORGE: But Kramer, isn't it a question of hygiene?
KRAMER: It's a myth. Besides, it makes sex more pleasurable.
GEORGE: Yeah. So how does that help me?
JERRY: (TO GEORGE) Hey George, you ever see one?
GEORGE: Yeah, my roommate in college.
JERRY: So what'd you think?
GEORGE: (thinks for a second) I got used to it.
[INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR DAY 2 JERRY AND KRAMER ENTER. PEOPLE PASS IN HALLWAY.]
JERRY: Alright, I'm waiting. I-I want to see the pig-man. Show me the pig- man.
KRAMER: Oh, don't worry. I'm gonna show you, and you'll never be the same.
JERRY: Maybe he's just a guy with a nose like this. (holds his nose up like a pig) You know a lot of people have a nose like this, they're not necessarily pig-men.
KRAMER: Believe me, Jerry, somewhere in this hospital the anguished "oink" of pig-man cries out for help.
JERRY: Well, if I hear an anguished "oink", I'm outta here. I-I don't see any pig-men. Look (HE POINTS AT PASSERBY) Human, human, human... (HE LOOKS DOWN CORRIDOR, WITH ALARM.) (WITH MOCK ALARM) Wait a second! (Grabs Kramer)
KRAMER: What?!
JERRY: Oh, it's George.
(GEORGE APPROACHES.)
GEORGE: Alright the administrator's on the third floor. I'll meet you guys back at the car.
KRAMER: Wait wait George. You got room in the car for the pig-man huh?
GEORGE: The pig-man can take the bus.
KRAMER: George, if the pig-man had a car, he would give you a ride.
GEORGE: How do you know? What if pig-man had a two-seater?
KRAMER: Be realistic George.
GEORGE: I'll tell you what, if pig-man shows up, we'll squeeze him in. I'll see you later.
KRAMER: Yea.
(GEORGE EXITS.)
[INT HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATION OFFICE - DAY 2 THE ADMINISTRATOR, MRS. SWEEDLER, USHERS GEORGE IN. THEY SIT ON EITHER SIDE OF HER DESK.]
MRS. SWEEDLER: Mr. Costanza, come in, come in. It's been a very trying couple of days around the hospital. Doctors, patients, everyone, just grief stricken over this unfortunate occurrence.
GEORGE: Well, I join them in their grief.
MRS. SWEEDLER: Horrible thing. Flew right past the children's wing. All the sick children, in the playroom, looking out the window, just traumatized by the incident. Apparently, they thought he was flying. You know how children are, "Oh look. A man is flying. A man is flying" And then, splat...
GEORGE: That's where I come in. Umm, on splat. Uh, you see, Mrs. Sweedler, or is it hospital administrator Sweedler?
MRS. SWEEDLER: Mrs. Sweedler's fine.
GEORGE: Mrs. Sweedler thank you. Y-You see, this tragedy affected me in a very, very personal way.
MRS. SWEEDLER: How is that?
GEORGE: Yes, well you see, the deceased landed on my car. The uh splat, as it were, actually occurred on the roof of my car. Now of course I can't help but feel that had it been a convertible this whole tragedy might have been averted but I've never been the kind of guy to buy a convertible, what with the baldness and everything.
MRS. SWEEDLER: Well I have known bald men who owned convertibles. They wore a hat.
GEORGE: Yes but then everything is all pulled down and it's jus.. Anyway. The damage, unfortunately, has marred an otherwise fine automobile, rendering it virtually undriveable.
Mrs. SWEEDLER: (STIFFENING) Yes, well, that is a shame.
GEORGE: Yes, a shame. That is exactly how I would put it. Now Mrs. Sweedler, with all due discretion and sensitivity, and taking in the whole scope of the situation, I just can't help but think that, the hospital is somehow responsible for compensating the other, still living 'victim' of horrendous, horrendous tragedy.
(SHE GLARES)
MRS. SWEEDLER: Mr.Constanza.
GEORGE: Yes.
MRS. SWEEDLER: A man plummeted tragically to his ultimate demise -
GEORGE: Yes.
MRS. SWEEDLER: ... and you greedily, callously want to profit from it?
GEORGE: (PULLING OUT ESTIMATE OUT OF HIS POCKET) Well, profit. I think you'll see from the estimate that I'm not really profiting that much. They might be a little high, but..
MRS. SWEEDLER: Get out! Get out, now! Get out of my office.
(GEORGE PUTS HIS ESTIMATES ON THE DESK AND BEGINS TO EXIT.)
GEORGE: Should I leave this..?
MRS. SWEEDLER: GET OUT!
(HE EXITS.)
[INT HOSPITAL CORRIDOR]
(Kramer walks into the room he believes to be the Pigman's and there isn't anyone in there.)
KRAMER: Excuse me. What happened to the man, that was in this room before?
RESIDENT: I don't know what you're talking about.
KRAMER: You know. (HE PUSHES HIS NOSE UP WITH HIS THUMB).
RESIDENT: No.
KRAMER: (STILL HOLDING HIS NOSE UP ) This doesn't look familiar to you?
RESIDENT: Uh, Sir?
KRAMER: Look, I know what's going on. The oink, oink.
RESIDENT: Yes well if you'll excuse me. I really have some patients I have to attend to.
(HE TRIES TO MOVE ON. KRAMER GRABS HIM BY THE LAPELS AND BACKS HIM AGAINST THE WALL. JERRY LOOKS THE OTHER WAY.)
KRAMER: (TOUGH TALKING) Now listen to me you little quack, There was a half man, half pig in that room over there. Now where is he?! Where is he?!
RESIDENT: Half-what?
KRAMER: You know what I mean - pork, sausage, (A LA PORKY PIG) A-deek-a-deek-a- deek th-th-th-that's all folks.
RESIDENT: I think he's been released.
(KRAMER RELEASES THE RESIDENT, WHO RUNS AWAY.)
KRAMER: He's lying.
JERRY: Alright Kramer, enough of this. Let's go find George.
KRAMER: Alright you go ahead.
(KRAMER WALKS OFF.)
JERRY: Kramer.
[The Flicks' Place]
(An assortment of people there to take part in the circumcision)
JERRY: Where's the Mohel?
ELAINE: He'll be here.
JERRY: He's late already.
ELAINE: Relax. You'd think you were getting whacked.
JERRY: I don't know why he asked me to be the Godfather. We're not even that close of friends. Just cause we're on the softball team, I'm the pitcher, he's the catcher he thinks we have a special relationship?
ELAINE: I thought pitchers and catchers did have a special rapport.
JERRY: Well maybe in hardball with all the signals and everything but I'm just lobbing it in. We don't have any conferences. He doesn't come out to the mound and encourage me.
ELAINE: What about me? I mean I just watched a few games with her sitting in the stands.
JERRY: Don't they have any closer friends. They're level jumping on our friendship.
ELAINE: Yes it is level jumping.
(George talking to a Woman)
GEORGE: So uh... been to a bris before?
WOMAN: No.
GEORGE: I've been to a few of em. If you uh start to get woozy later, which is quite common, stay close to me. I'll get you through it. (chuckles)
WOMAN: I'm a cardiologist. I think I'll manage.
(She walks away)
GEORGE: Oh.
(Kramer and Myra; Myra is sobbing)
KRAMER: We're not talking about a manicure. Imagine, this is going to be his first memory. Of his parents just standing there while some stranger (Does some motions of cutting; Myra sobs more) cutting off a piece of his manhood and then serves a catered lunch.
(MYRA RUNS AWAY, SOBBING)
STAN: (Seeing Myra run away sobbing) Myra?
KRAMER Oh, she'll be okay.
(HE SLINKS AWAY. ELAINE ANGRILY CONFRONTS KRAMER.)
ELAINE: Kramer, what's the matter with you?
KRAMER: Me?
(Doorbell rings interrupting Elaine)
ELAINE: (to everyone) Oh, that's the Mohel.
ALL: (ADLIB) It's the Mohel! the Mohel is here! Thank God, the Mohel is here.
(Elaine opens the door)
ELAINE: Hello.
(Elaine shakes hands with the Mohel as he enters)
MOHEL: (to Elaine) Hello, Hello (shaking hands with Jerry) Hello, I'm the Mohel.
JERRY: Hello.
MOHEL: (cont'd) (shakes Stan's hand) It's very nice to meet you all... (A PAN CLANGS TO THE GROUND. THE MOHEL SNAPS.) Oh! What was that?!? Jeez. Scared the hell out of me. My god. I almost had a heart attack! (THE CROWD GROWS UNEASY) (CALMING DOWN) Ok, I'm fine, I'm fine. Anyway, we're here to perform the mitzvah of the bris... (The Baby starts crying) (WITH INCREASING TENSION) ...Is the baby gonna cry like that? Is that how the baby cries, with the loud, sustained, squealing cry, 'cause that could pose a problem. Do you have any control of your child 'cause this will be the time to exercise it when baby is crying in that high-pitched, squealing tone that can drive you insane!!!
(MRS. FLICK TAKES THE BABY INTO THE OTHER ROOM. THE MOHEL MASSAGES HIS FOREHEAD.)
ELAINE: Did you find the place alright?
MOHEL: Did I find it alright? Could you send me to a more dangerous neighborhood? I'm dreading walking back to the subway, someone shouldn't crack me over the head and steal my bag, Because I'll be lying there and people will spit on me and empty my pockets. I'll be lying in the gutter like a bum, like a dog, like a mutt, like a mongrel, like an animal! God forbid anybody should help me or call an ambulance. Oh no, that's too much trouble to pick up a phone and press a few buttons. Ahh! What's the point.
ELAINE: (setting down her glass) Oh, ya haha.
MOHEL: (TO ELAINE INTERRUPTING) Darling, you see where that glass is? How that glass is near the edge of the table. You got the whole table there to put the glass, why you chose the absolute edge, so half the glass is hanging off the table, you breath and that glass falls over, then you're gonna have broken glass on the carpet, embedded in the carpet fibers, deep, deep in the shag, broken glass, bits of broken glass that you never get out. you can't get it out with a vacuum cleaner. Even on your hands and knees with a magnifying glass, you can't get all the pieces, and then you think you got it all and two years later, you're walkin' barefoot and you step on a piece of broken glass and you kill yourself, is that what you want? I don't think you want that, is it? .. Do ya? Huh?
(THE MOHEL BEGINS TWITCHING.)
ELAINE: (to Myra) He's very highly recommended. So...
MOHEL: (to George) You're holding the baby?
GEORGE: (getting up out of his chair to get out of the Mohel's way) No, No.
MOHEL: Hello! Who's holding the baby?!? Who's holding the baby?
ELAINE Jerry is.. (TO JERRY) Jerry? You wanna?
JERRY: (uncertain) Yeah. I'm holding the baby.
ELAINE: (pushing Jerry over to the Mohel) Ok, go.
JERRY: I'm going.
ELAINE: Go.
JERRY: I'm going.
ELAINE: C'mon
JERRY: Don't push me.
MOHEL: Okay. you sit here. Now I need the baby. Bring me the baby. I need the baby!
(Myra gets ready to hand the baby to the Mohel; Kramer then grabs the baby)
KRAMER: No, I'm not going to let this happen.
(Shocked by this everyone is yelling at Kramer to give up the baby. Kramer trying to get away gets on the couch and then falls with the baby in his arms. Fortunately Stan is able to gain control of the baby as Kramer falls and hands the baby back to Jerry)
ALL: (numerous voices) Kramer! Let go of the baby! Kramer!
MOHEL: People compose yourselves. (Shouting as the struggle ends) This is a bris. We are performing a bris here, not a burlesque show. This is not a school play! This is not a baggy pants farce! This is a bris. An sacred, ancient ceremony, symbolizing the covenant between God and Abraham... or something. (The Mohel opens his bag to start the process but drops it and his instruments fall out. People attempt to help him out) No! Don't touch it! Don't touch a thing!
ELAINE: Ok.
MOHEL: (muttering to Jerry).. I coulda been a kosher butcher like my brother. The money's good. There's a union, with benefits. And, cows have no families. You make a mistake with a cow, you move on with your life... Anyway.
(The Mohel has the instrument ready to perform the circumcision He twitches and his hand is trembling. Jerry is very nervous and bug-eyed. George faints)
[George's Car]
JERRY: Hurry up George! Step on it!
GEORGE: Alright, alright!
JERRY: That damn Mohel - he circumcised my finger! The Mohel circumcised my finger!
ELAINE: You flinched.
JERRY: Flinched? I did not flinch. George, did I flinch?
ELAINE: Oh how would he know. He blacked out. He fainted.
GEORGE: It was very traumatic. The last thing I remember is you flinching. Then, everything went black.
JERRY: Who's got a tissues? I need more tissues! Look at this thing. It's my phone finger!
GEORGE: Be careful, you're getting blood all over the car.
KRAMER: What about the baby?
JERRY: Oh the baby's fine. They just took him to the hospital as a precautionary measure. But look at me. I'm the one who's hurt.
ELAINE: Would you stop it? You're just gonna need a few stitches.
JERRY: A few stitches? I've never had stitches. I'll be deformed. I can't live with that. It goes against my whole personality. It's not me!
GEORGE: Hey look a that - boy are you lucky - another great spot - right in front of the hospital. In an emergency yet! How lucky are you huh? Is that unbelievable? How unbelievable is that huh? Come on, give it to me, give it to me.
[Hospital]
(Jerry, George, Elaine and Kramer walking down the corridor)
GEORGE: I have never seen a Mohel like that.
JERRY: That was a one in a million Mohel.
ELAINE: I said I'm sorry.
JERRY: Look at this.
KRAMER: Oh you'll be ok. I'll see you later.
(Kramer heads off down the other corridor)
GEORGE: Wha, where is he going?
(ELAINE LIFTS NOSE UP WITH HER THUMB.)
GEORGE (con'td) I'm gonna look for a bathroom.
(George heads off back where the Four started. Elaine and Jerry continue down the corridor and find the Mohel)
JERRY: Oh well if it isn't Shakey the Mohel! Nice job on the circumcision but it's not supposed to be a finger.
MOHEL: (RE:JERRY) The circumcision was perfect. The finger was your fault! You flinched!
JERRY: Oh who made you a Mohel? Whadya, get your degree from a matchbook?
MOHEL: (HE MAKES A SUDDEN MOVEMENT) Ya See! He flinched again!
JERRY: Nice Mohel picking, Elaine. You picked a helluva Mohel!
MOHEL: One more peep out of you and I'll slice you up like a smoked sturgeon.
JERRY: Oh don't threaten me, Butcher Boy.
MOHEL: Butcher Boy?!
JERRY: Ya what was this? (HE IMITATES MOHEL'S FLINCHING)
MOHEL: What was this? (HE IMITATES JERRY)
(JERRY AND MOHEL GET INTO A STRUGGLE.)
MOHEL (cont;d) It was your fault!
JERRY: It was not!
ELAINE: Jerry, be careful. The Mohel's got a knife!
(The Flicks enter; Elaine tries to break up the struggle)
STAN: (holding the Mohel back) Hey, hey what's going on out here? You two should be ashamed of yourselves, both of ya!
MOHEL: Ah, blood.
ELAINE: Oh, how's the baby?
STAN: There's nothing wrong with the baby.
MYRA: The circumcision went fine.
MOHEL: Thank god the flincher didn't harm the baby.
STAN: Amen.
(THE MOHEL LEANS INTO JERRY AND WHISPERS.)
MOHEL: I will get you for this. This is my business, this is my life. No one ruins this for me. No one! (TO ELAINE) Here's my card.
(The Mohel Exits; George is seen coming down the corridor;)
KRAMER: (off screen) Outta My Way!
(All watch as Kramer comes dashing down the corridor, He is carrying the pigman on his back. "Oinking" is heard as Kramer runs by; George signals to Jerry, Elaine, Myra and Stan with his finger holding up his nose and pointing the direction Kramer went)
[INT. JERRY'S APARTMENT]
JERRY: (struggling to open a bottle with his bandaged finger) I can't do it. (A LA GODFATHER) Look what they did to my boy, They massacred my boy.
ELAINE: You really do the worst Godfather I ever heard. You're not even close.
(Buzzer)
JERRY: (walking over the the buzzer to answer it) Oh, that's the Flicks.
GEORGE: (ON PHONE) It's a '76 Chevy Impala. They stole it right in front of the hospital. I saw the guy drive off in it. Well he's about five feet tall, hairless, pink complexion.. (Elaine puts her finger on her nose) looks like a pig. Yeah, alright alright, thank you, thank you. (Kramer enters) So any word from the "pig-man"?
KRAMER: No.
GEORGE: No. And he's not a pig-man is he?
KRAMER: NO, he's not.. Just a fat little mental patient.
(THE FLICKS ENTER)
JERRY: Myra, Stan.
(ELAINE GOES TO ADMIRE BABY. MYRA PULLS HIM AWAY.)
MYRA: Don't touch him
JERRY: What's the matter?
STAN: You're out, Jerry. You're out as Godfather. You too, Elaine. You're both out.
ELAINE: But I didn't do anything.
STAN: No, no buts. We made up our minds. (turns to Kramer) We want Kramer. He showed us how much he cares about Steven.
(Godfather Theme begins to play; The Flicks head to Kramer's apartment)
KRAMER: (Leaving: A LA GODFATHER) Don't ever go against the family Jerry.
(Kramer joins the Flicks in his Apartment)
STAN: (grabbing Kramer's hand) Godfather.
MYRA: (grabbing Kramer's other hand) Godfather.
KRAMER: Yes
(Stan Closes the door; Jerry, George and Elaine look on in shock)
[Closing Monologue]
To me what's really amazing is that for every job that there is in the world, there's someone willing to do it. Someone goes 'Yes, I will stand in the tunnel breathing exhaust fumes watching the cars go by making sure every thing's okay.' Someone goes 'Yes, I will work behind the elephant with the big shovel, I will do it.' Doctors go 'Yes I will confine myself to one particularly objectionable part of the human body all day every day. I will do it.' I think a lot of people that are unemployed are not really able to find work, they're just easily disgusted. 'Yes I'm starving and my family no clothing or shelter but I'm not cleaning that up.'
*Note: During this closing monologue; Jerry's finger is bandaged the same way it was during this episode.
[Opening Monologue]
JERRY: Professional tennis. To me I don't understand all the shushing. Why are they always shushing. Shh, shh. Don't the players know that we're there? Should we duck down behind the seats so they don't see us watching them? To me tennis is basically just ping-pong and the players are standing on the table. That's all it is. And that goofy scoring, you win one point and all the sudden you're up by 15. Two points, 30-love. 30-love. Sounds like an English call girl. "That'll be 30, love... And could you be a little quieter next time, please, shh."
[In the bleachers at the tennis court. Two players are hitting the ball back and forth.]
JERRY: Are these seats unbelievable or what?
GEORGE: Where's the sunblock?
JERRY: Here.
GEORGE: 25? You don't have anything higher?
JERRY: What, are you on Mercury?
GEORGE: I need higher. This has paba in it, I need paba-free.
JERRY: You got a problem with paba?
GEORGE: Yes, I have a problem with paba.
JERRY: You don't even know what paba is.
GEORGE: I know enough to stay away from it.
ANNOUNCER: 30-Love
GEORGE: So are you going to Todd's party this weekend?
JERRY: I'll go if someone else drives. You going?
GEORGE: Gwen really wants to go.
JERRY: You're bringing a date to a party?
GEORGE: No good?
JERRY: A party is a bad date situation. It doesn't matter who you're with. You could be with J. Edgar Hoover. You don't want to sit and talk with Hoover all night. You want to circulate. (Makes hand motions) Ho, ho, ho.
GEORGE: Why'd you pick Hoover? Was he that interesting to talk to?
JERRY: Well I would think, with the law enforcement and the cross dressing. Seems like an interesting guy.
GEORGE: Yeah I guess. What can I do? I gotta take her with me. Todd introduced us, I'm obligated.
JERRY: That woman is absolutely stunning.
GEORGE: Who, the Croat? [the tennis player]
JERRY: Not the Croat, the lineswoman. That is the most beautiful lineswoman I've ever seen.
GEORGE: Yeah, she's a B.L.
JERRY: B.L.?
GEORGE: Beautiful lineswoman. Alright listen uh I'm going to go to the concession stand and get some real sunblock. You want anything? Jerry? (Jerry is staring at the lineswoman) Jerry?
[At Elaine's office.]
COWORKER: You know, I just heard the Lexington line is out.
ELAINE: (annoyed) Uh, you are kidding me. How am I supposed to get to this meeting?
COWORKER: Take a car service. We have an account.
ELAINE: Oh forget it, I hate those. Everytime I take one, the driver will *not* stop talking to me. No matter how disinterested I seem he just keeps yakking away. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Why does everything always have to have a social componant? Now a stage coach, that would have been a good situation for me. Cause I'm in the coach, and the driver is way up there on the stage.
COWORKER: Well you're not going to get a cab now. Four thirty in the afternoon? Read a magazine, keep your head down.
ELAINE: Yea, I guess that could work.
[At the tennis court concession stand. George is eating a sundae. ]
[At Jerry's apartment. Kramer is watching TV.]
ANNOUNCER: And that is it. The match to Ms. Natalia Valdoni. Coming up next, mens single, but for now let's stop a minute and take a look at our beautiful tennis center backdrop.
KRAMER: Hey, hey, it's George.
(George is on TV eating a sundae. His face is covered in ice cream and fudge. He is taking a bite of ice cream and dripping it around his mouth.)
ANNOUNCER: Holy cow it's a scorcher. Boy I bet you that guy can cover a lot of court.
ANNOUNCER #2: Hey buddy, they got a new invention. It's called a napkin. We'll take a station break and continue with more action...
[Elaine in the Service Car]
DRIVER: Dag Gavershole Plaza huh? (Elaine ignores him) Pendant Publishing, that's books right? (Elaine is annoyed and still ignoring him) Miss?
ELAINE: Pardon me?
DRIVER: Books, that's what you do?
ELAINE: Yeah.
DRIVER: Yeah, I don't read much myself, (Elaine is annoyed) well you know besides the paper. Yeah a lot of people read to relax, not me. You know what I do?
ELAINE: You know I-I'm having a lot of trouble, um, hearing you back here. So...
DRIVER: (Yelling) I said you know what I do (Elaine is very annoyed) when I want to relax? The Jumble. Hey uh do you make a book of Jumbles?
ELAINE: I'm going to have to be honest with you. I'm going deaf.
DRIVER: Going deaf?
ELAINE: What?
DRIVER: Oh I-I-I'm sorry.
ELAINE: It can be very frustrating.
DRIVER: Hey what about a hearing aid?
ELAINE: Am I fearing AIDS? Oh, yeah sure, who isn't. But you know you gotta live your life.
DRIVER: No, no I said. Ehhh, forget it. (Elaine looks pleased)
[At the tennis court.]
(George returns to his seat next to Jerry)
JERRY: I can't take my eyes off that lineswoman. The woman is absolutely mesmerizing.
GEORGE: Boy you are really smitten.
JERRY: I gotta talk to her. What do you think?
GEORGE: Cold? How are you going to do that? You're not one of those guys.
JERRY: I'm going to psyche myself into it like those people that just walk across the hot coals.
GEORGE: They're not mocked and humiliated when they get to the other side.
JERRY: I have to. I won't be able to live with myself.
GEORGE: Wait a minute Jerry, there's a bigger issue here. If you go through that wall and become one of those guys I'll be left here on this side. Take me with you.
JERRY: I can't.
GEORGE: What are you going to say?
JERRY: I don't know, "Hi".
GEORGE: (laughing) You think you're going to the other side with "Hi"? You're not going to make it.
[Elaine in the car service car.]
RADIO: Base to 92 come in
DRIVER: Yes this is 92
RADIO: After this go back to city for a 6:00 pickup
DRIVER: Righteo
RADIO: 794 Bleeker the party's Hanks. Tom Hanks.
ELAINE: Tom Hanks? After me you're picking up Tom Hanks? I love him.
DRIVER: So I guess your hearing goes in and out huh?
ELAINE: (realizing he caught her) Yeah. Yes it does...
DRIVER: Yeah. You know what I think? I think you made that whole thing up.
ELAINE: No no, no no.
DRIVER: Yeah yeah, I know your type. You're too good to make conversation with someone like me. Oh god forbid you could discuss the Jumbles. But to go so far as to pretend you're almost deaf, I mean that is truly disgusting. And Mr. Tom Hanks, may I say he too would be disgusted by your behavior.
[At the tennis court. Jerry is standing behind the lineswoman]
JERRY: Excuse me. (Woman ignores him) Excuse me? (Still ignores him) Oh that's nice. That's right ignore me. That's real polite. Yea nobody's even talking to you. All you big lineswoman. Oh you've got some kind of a cool job. I know your type thinking your too good for everyone, but it's women like you (woman turns around and notices him) oh well, what are you deaf?
LAURA: Bingo.
[At Jerry's apartment.]
KRAMER: And you're saying she's deaf.
JERRY: I'm not *saying* she's deaf, she's deaf.
KRAMER: Can't hear a thing.
JERRY: Can't hear a thing.
KRAMER: And you're going to go out with her.
JERRY: Yeah, isn't that something?
(Elaine enters.)
ELAINE: Hey.
JERRY & KRAMER: Hey.
KRAMER: Hey I know how to sign.
JERRY: Really?
KRAMER: Yeah when I was 8, I had a deaf cousin who lived with us for about a year. (signing as he speaks) So I haven't been able to do it in a while.
ELAINE: What is this about?
JERRY: I met this deaf lineswoman at the tennis match.
ELAINE: You are kidding. That is amazing. (She pushes Jerry, Jerry falls back into Kramer.) I just took a car service from work and to get the driver to not talk to me, I pretended I was going deaf.
JERRY: Wow good plan.
ELAINE: Oh didn't work. He caught me hearing. Alright it's terrible, but I'm not a terrible person.
JERRY & KRAMER: No.
ELAINE: No. When I shoo squirrels away, I always say "get out of here". I never ever throw things at them and try to injure them like other people.
JERRY: That's nice.
ELAINE: Yeah, and when I see freaks in the street I never, ever stare at them. Yet, I'm careful not to look away, see, because I want to make the freaks feel comfortable.
JERRY: (turning to Kramer) That's nice for the freaks.
(Kramer gives Elaine a thumbs up)
ELAINE: Yeah, and I don't poof up my hair when I got to a movie so people behind me can see. I've got to make it up to this guy or I won't be able to live with myself. What can I do?
JERRY: Why don't you get him some tickets or something, how about that friend of yours that works at the ticket agency.
KRAMER: Yeah yeah Pete, he can get you great tickets to something.
ELAINE: Really?
KRAMER: Like a rock concert. Whatever you like.
ELAINE: Oh great, thanks Kramer.
KRAMER: You got it. Hey Jerry, do me a favor. The next time you see that lineswoman ask her how those ball boys get those jobs. I would love to be able to do that.
JERRY: Kramer, I think perhaps you've overlooked one of the key aspects of this activity. It's ball *boys*, not ball men. There are no ball men.
ELAINE: Yeah I think he's right. I've never seen a ball man.
KRAMER: Well there ought to be ball men.
JERRY: All right I'll talk to her. If you want to be a ball man go ahead, break the ball barrier. (Elaine drinks straight out of the orange juice container) Hey.
ELAINE: Hey you know a friend of mine from work said that she saw George at the tennis match on TV yesterday.
KRAMER: Yeah, yeah me too. Yeah he was at the snack bar eating a hot fudge sundae. He had it all over his face. He was wearing that chocolate on his face like a beard and they got in there real nice and tight. And he's... (Imitates scooping up ice cream. Elaine and Jerry laugh)
[At Monk's.]
GWEN: I'm sorry George.
GEORGE: I don't understand things were going so great. What happened? Something must have happened.
GWEN: It's not you, it's me.
GEORGE: You're giving me the "it's not you, it's me" routine? I invented "it's not you, it's me". Nobody tells me it's them not me, if it's anybody it's me.
GWEN: All right, George, it's you.
GEORGE: You're *damn* right it's me.
GWEN: I was just trying to...
GEORGE: I know what you were trying to do. Nobody does it better than me.
GWEN: I'm sure you do it very well.
GEORGE: Yes well unfortunately you'll never get the chance to find out.
(George then looks confused like what he said just didn't sound right.)
[At Jerry's apartment.]
JERRY: But I thought things were going great.
GEORGE: Yeah so did I.
JERRY: Did she say why?
GEORGE: No. She tried to give me the "it's not you, it's me" routine.
JERRY: But that's your routine.
GEORGE: Yeah. Well aparently word's out.
(Kramer enters.)
KRAMER: Hey, Georgie, I saw you on TV yesterday.
GEORGE: Really? At the tennis match?
KRAMER: Yeah you were at the snack bar eating a hot fudge sundae.
GEORGE: Get out of here. I didn't see any cameras there.
KRAMER: Oh, the cameras was, vrooom, there. The announcers, they made a couple of cracks about you.
GEORGE: Cracks? What were they saying?
KRAMER: That you had ice cream all over your face. They were talking about how funny you looked.
GEORGE: Oh my god, maybe Gwen saw it. Maybe that's what did it.
KRAMER: Well I'll tell you it wasn't a pretty sight.
GEORGE: She must have seen me eating it on TV.
JERRY: So she sees you with hot fudge on your face and she ends it? You really think she would be that superficial?
GEORGE: Why not. I would be.
(The phone rings.)
JERRY: Hello... Oh hi dad... You saw him?... Really with the ice cream?... All right I'll talk to you later, bye.
GEORGE: You're parents saw me on TV?
JERRY: Yeah.
GEORGE: This is nighmare. Kramer how long was I on?
KRAMER: It felt like 8 seconds.
GEORGE: One-one-thousand, two-one-thousand, three-one-thousand.
(Elaine enters.)
ELAINE: I heard you *really* inhaled that thing. Did anyone tape it?
GEORGE: Can we move on?
JERRY: He thinks Gwen broke up with him because she saw him eating the ice cream on TV.
ELAINE: Oh come on. If she's that superficial you don't want her.
GEORGE: Yes I do.
ELAINE: So I guess you're not going to Todd's party on Friday.
GEORGE: Well I can't now, Gwen's going to be there.
KRAMER: Well she should be the one that shouldn't go.
JERRY: Well if a couple breaks up and have plans to go to a neutral place, who withdraws? What's the etiquette?
KRAMER: Excellent question.
JERRY: I think she should withdraw. She's the breaker, he's the breakee. He needs to get on with his life.
ELAINE: I beg to differ.
JERRY: Really.
ELAINE: He's the *loser*. She's the victor. To the victor belong the spoils.
JERRY: Well I don't care, I don't want to go anyway. I don't want to fight that traffic on Friday night.
ELAINE: Well we can take the car service from my office.
JERRY: Really?
ELAINE: Yeah, they don't know.
KRAMER: All right, I'll see you later.
JERRY: Okay.
(Elaine heads to the bathroom)
KRAMER: (while eating a banana) Hey Georgie.
(Kramer exits)
GEORGE: "To the victor goes the spoils." What are you going to do tonight?
JERRY: Oh I got a date with Laura the lineswoman.
GEORGE: Oh. (he stands there)
JERRY: Why? (George fiddles with the lock on the door.) Well what are you doing?
GEORGE: Well I was just going to wander the streets. Don't wanna tag along with you or anything.
JERRY: Oh, uh, do you want to come with us?
GEORGE: Jerry please, that's very nice, but, uh, (closes the door) where would we be going?
[At a Chinese restaurant.]
GEORGE: So, I've got ice cream all over my face. There were no napkins there. Whoever it was that's responsible for stocking that concession stand cost me a relationship.
LAURA: They never have napkins there.
JERRY: Let's get the check. (Waves in the air) Is this uh considered signing? Do you do this when you want the check?
LAURA: (does the same thing Jerry is doing) Yea.
JERRY: Really. I know a sign, that's my first sign.
LAURA: Uh, oh. That couple is breaking up.
GEORGE: They're breaking up? How do you know?
JERRY: She reads lips.
GEORGE: What are they saying now?
LAURA: "It's not you, it's me."
GEORGE: (Holding his drink up to his mouth) Oh my gosh, I just had a great idea. She could come to the party tomorrow and read Gwen's lips for me.
JERRY: (Puts his hand over his mouth) What?
GEORGE: (Puts nuts into his mouth, and in the process covers his mouth) We bring her to the party, and she can tell me what Gwen is saying about me.
JERRY: (Holds his drink up to his mouth) She's not a novelty act, George. Where you hire her out for weddings and bar mitzvas.
GEORGE: (Puts his hands on his face, rubbing his eyes) Look. It's a skill, just like juggling. She probably enjoys showing it off.
JERRY: (Puts his napkin over his mouth) I don't know George. I'm not sure about this.
GEORGE: (Puts his arms in the air, stretching, and covers his mouth with an arm) Could you ask her, just ask her. If she says no, case closed.
JERRY: (Puts his hand on his chin over his mouth) All right.
JERRY: Uh Laura, George was wondering if...
LAURA: Sure. I'll do it.
[After the restaurant. Jerry and Laura in Jerry's car outside Laura's place.]
JERRY: So I really had a good time.
LAURA: Yeah, me too.
JERRY: So you want to go to the party on Friday night?
LAURA: Yeah.
JERRY: All right, we're taking a car service. So we'll swing by and pick you up. How about six? (Laura looks offended). Six is good. (Laura looks offended and angry). You got a problem with six? (Laura opens the door and gets out). What? What?
[At the tennis court.]
MAN: Okay listen up people. There are plenty of you here, but we've only got two spots to fill. Good luck.
BOY: (to Kramer) Hey pops, isn't there a better way to spend your twilight years?
KRAMER: I may be old, but I'm spry.
BOY: The tryout lasts three and a half to four hours. Are you up for it?
KRAMER: Oh I'll be up for it punk.
(Kramer fetches some balls, and he is doing some pretty fancy footwork.)
[At Jerry's apartment.]
JERRY: See I was saying "six" but she thought I was saying "sex". We straightened the whole thing out though.
GEORGE: She confused "six" with "sex"?
JERRY: Yeah.
GEORGE: Well if she can't tell "six" from "sex" then how is she going to lip read from across the room?
JERRY: Well "six" and "sex" are close.
GEORGE: It's two completely different sounds. "ih" and "eh".
JERRY: Eh.
GEORGE: It seems like a problem.
JERRY: Well I'm not dating any other deaf women.
(Kramer enters.)
KRAMER: Hey guess who's going to be the new ball man for the finals.
JERRY: You're kidding.
KRAMER: Yeah. They said they haven't seen anybody go after balls with such gusto.
GEORGE: Oh, when is that car service coming?
JERRY: In five minutes. He's then going to pick us up, then we're going to pick up Elaine, and Laura is going to meet us there.
GEORGE: If this lip reading thing works tonight do you know how incredible this is going to be? It's like having Superman for your friend.
JERRY: I know. It's like X-ray vision.
GEORGE: If we could just harness this power and use it for our own personal gain, there'd be no stopping us.
(Newman enters.)
NEWMAN: Hey, hey, hey. (to Jerry) I hear you've got some lip reader working for you. You gotta let me use her for one day. Just one day.
JERRY: Can't do it Newman.
NEWMAN: But Jerry, we've got this new supervisor down at the post office. He's working behind this glass. I know they're talking about me. They're going to transfer me, I know it. Two hours, give me two hours.
JERRY: It's not going to happen.
NEWMAN: (Sinister) All right, all right. All right you go ahead. You go ahead and keep it secret. But you remember this. When you control the mail, you control... information.
[In the car service car.]
JERRY: Uh just pull over right there by the stop sign.
DRIVER: (The same driver as before) Pardon me sir?
JERRY: I said pull over by the stop sign.
DRIVER: I'm so sorry, you'll have to forgive me. I can't hear a damn thing. I went to that rock concert last night at the garden. My seats were right up agains the speaker. It's a heavy metal group. Metalla-something.
KRAMER: -ca.
DRIVER: Huh?
GEORGE: What?
JERRY: ca.
GEORGE: ah.
DRIVER: My ears are still ringing. Some woman's idea of a joke.
(Elaine gets in. The driver looks up and notices her. He gets angry. A moment later, the group gets out of the car.)
DRIVER: Get out. Get out. Go on. Hey. Shut the door.
(Kramer shuts the door and the car takes off, squeeling the tires.)
[At the party.]
JERRY: You know the whole idea of taking the car service was so I wouldn't have to fight the traffic on Friday night.
(Laura sees the group and gets up. She points to her watch.)
JERRY: I know. I'm late. Hey now I know two signs, (puts his hand in the air) check, and (points to his watch) late. Hey this is the guy you helped become the first ball man.
LAURA: Congratulations.
(Kramer and Laura start signing to each other. We see confusion from them as they are signing. George puts his forhead on his hand.)
KRAMER: She doesn't know what she's talking about.
TODD: Guys you made it.
GEORGE: Hey hey.
TODD: (to George) Hey buddy.
JERRY: Hey Todd.
TODD: Sorry to hear about Gwen.
GEORGE: Why? Did she say something to you about why she broke up with me?
TODD: Oh no. Tonight will be the first chance I've had to talk to her.
GEORGE: Really?
TODD: Look George, I'm friends with both of you. But I can't betray her confidence by telling you anything.
GEORGE: I wouldn't hear of it, Todd. It's none of my business. But you should try to find out everything you possibly can. In fact, I'll even stay all the way on the other side of the room just so there's no chance of me overhearing anything.
TODD: You are so centered.
GEORGE: Hey, grown-up. (they both chuckle, George notices Gwen enter the room) Oh my god, there she is. Go ahead, go ahead. (to the others) Let's go, let's go. All right what are they saying?
(Gwen and Todd talk. Laura makes hand signs and Kramer translates.)
KRAMER: "Hi Gwen, hi tide."
JERRY: Hi tide?
KRAMER: Hi Todd.
KRAMER: "You've got something between your teeth"
GEORGE: Wheret?
KRAMER: No that's what he said. "That's interesting. I love carrots, but I hate carrot soup. And I hate peas, but I love pea soup." So do I.
ELAINE: She's so wild. Can I borrow her for a few hours tomorrow afternoon?
JERRY: No. If I lend her to you I'll have to lend her to everybody.
GWEN: I don't envy you Todd. The place is going to be a mess.
TODD: Well maybe you can stick around after everybody leaves and we can sweep together.
KRAMER: "Why don't you stick around and we can sleep together."
GEORGE: What?
KRAMER: "You want me to sleep with you?"
TODD: I don't want to sweep alone.
KRAMER: He says "I don't want to sleep alone." She says, oh boy, "love to."
GEORGE: Alright that's it. (George walks across the room over to them.) So you get rid of me and now the two of you are going to sleep together?
GWEN: What? You're crazy.
KRAMER: "What? You're crazy."
GEORGE: I heard your whole conversation.
GWEN: How?
KRAMER: "How?"
GEORGE: (looks back to the group) I can read lips. You said let's sleep together.
GWEN: No I didn't. I said "sweep". Let's sweep together, you know with a broom. Cleaning up.
KRAMER: "... with a broom, cleaning up."
GEORGE: Sweep?
GWEN: Yes sweep.
KRAMER: "Yes sweep."
GEORGE: Cut it.
KRAMER: George says "Cut it."
GEORGE: Cut it.
KRAMER: George is saying "Cut it."
GEORGE: Cut it. (goes back to the group) (Yelling) Would you stop signing?
KRAMER: What?
GEORGE: She said "sweep together" you idiots, not "sleep together."
(Laura's mouth is wide open. She looks at Kramer and points to George. She is mad at Kramer. Aparently she did say sweep and Kramer mis-translated. She signs to Kramer.)
KRAMER: I know how to sign.
(Kramer and Laura are arguing back and forth with sign language. They are gesturing signs fiercely. One of Laura's signs causes her hand to swing backwards and hit George in the face.)
GEORGE: Ow. My eye, my eye.
[At the tennis court.]
ELAINE: It's so amazing getting to see Monica Seles playing in the finals.
JERRY: I know and on the first tournament of her comeback.
(Kramer is sitting poised on the sideline. He waves back to the group. George and Elaine gives him a thumbs up. The two players hit the ball back and forth. The ball lands in the net. Kramer springs into action running toward the ball and runs into Monica Sellas. Monica falls to the ground in pain.)
JERRY: Thus ends the great ball man experiment.
[Laura gets into the car service car.]
DRIVER: (The same driver as before) You with the tennis center?
LAURA: Yep.
DRIVER: Hey how about that ball man injuring Monica Seles. Wasn't that something.
LAURA: I'm deaf.
DRIVER: Oh. (Very suspicious look on his face.)
[Closing Monologue]
JERRY: I've always been a big fan of the little check move. You know (does the motion for the check) Check, Check. Unless the waiter isn't too shape then you gotta total it up. Sometimes they come over, "Do you want the check?" No I wanna be pen pals, can't you see what I'm doing here? I'm trying to be cool and impress people.
[Opening Monologue]
I had glasses when I was ten years old and anybody beat that? Did anyone get them younger than that? (Hears someone say an age, turns) Seven? Two? Anybody born with glasses? Actually come out of the birth canal and go (does the motion like he just took off some glasses) 'that was a hell of a delivery, I'll tell ya that. (pauses) Can I clean these? (motions like he is handing glasses to someone) Does anybody have one of those little clothes? I jus...I was just born they...they're a little smudgy.
[Yogurt Shop]
(Elaine, George, and Jerry are sitting at a table eating Yogurt out of a cup)
ELAINE: Hmm!
GEORGE: Fantastic!
JERRY: I told ya. How good is this?
GEORGE: Good.
JERRY: How good?
GEORGE: Very good.
JERRY: I know it.
ELAINE: They put real blue berries in this. And there's real blue berries. What kind did you get?
JERRY: Coffee. And they grind up the coffee beans, and put it in.
ELAINE: Let me test-taste that. (tastes Jerry's yogurt)
JERRY: Huh? Huh?
ELAINE: Hmm! Rico!
JERRY: Suave! And it's non-fat!
GEORGE: Ya-see, how could this not have any fat? It's too good.
ELAINE: (offering her yogurt to George) You want to taste mine?
GEORGE: (offers his) Oh, you want to taste mine.
ELAINE: No, I don't.
GEORGE: Lo..k, if you want to taste mine, you don't have to offer me some of yours.
ELAINE: All right, let's just forget it.
JERRY: You know, Kramer's gonna clean up on this place.
GEORGE: What do you mean?
JERRY: He invested in it.
GEORGE: No kidding?
JERRY: Yeah. We've been coming here everyday. This is so fuck(bleeped)ing good.
(Maryedith and Matthew walk by)
MARYEDITH: Jerry!
JERRY: Oh, I'm sorry.
ELAINE: All right, we should get going. But, I'm going to get a little bit more, okay?
GEORGE: Oh, god. Look who's here.
JERRY: Who is it?
GEORGE: This guy from my old neighborhood. Lloyd Braun. He's a big advisor to Mayor Dinkins. He thinks he's so cool.
JERRY: Oh, oh.?
LLOYD: Hey, George!
GEORGE: Hey-hay! Lloyd! Hey! My friend Jerry eh.
LLOYD: Hi.
JERRY: Hi.
LLOYD: So, I hear you're living back home now, is it?
GEORGE: Yeah, there was a fire in my apartment.
LLOYD: Fire! Whoa! There's a lot of major chicks in this place, huh? (George nudges Jerry with his right arm) Something wrong with your arm?
GEORGE: Uh, uh, yeah. Actually, the, uh, I-I bumped my elbow on a desk and uh injured something an.. now it sort of moves involuntarily.
LLOYD: Wow, that's a bitch, huh? So, how are your parents doing?
GEORGE: Oh, pretty good.
LLOYD: This place does some business, huh?
GEORGE: Yeah, this is my first time here. (nudges Jerry again)
LLOYD: Hey, she's a doll. (looking at Elaine)
ELAINE: Hi!
GEORGE: Uh, Elaine, this is, uh, Lloyd.
ELAINE: Hi!
LLOYD: Oh, hi! Very nice to meet you.
(Elaine and Lloyd shack hands)
ELAINE: Nice to meet you, too!
LLOYD: Well, I'm really sorry I gotta run now. (sets down his cup of yogurt and makes his way out) Well, take it easy, huh, George?
GEORGE: Yeah! Yeah.
(Jerry, George and Elaine head toward the door to leave)
ELAINE: (excited about Lloyd) Aaah. Boy, he is really cute!
GEORGE: He's a jerk. (nudges to his right but no one is there)
JERRY: He's gone, George.
GEORGE: All right. All right.
[Jerry's Apartment]
KRAMER: So, there were a lot of people there, huh?
JERRY: Oh, man, that yogurt place - you're going to make a fortune.
KRAMER: Yeah.
JERRY: They're doing an incredible business.
KRAMER: Yeah, well, I told you to go in on it.
JERRY: How did you know?
KRAMER: Well, I tasted it at the one downtown. It's got a remarkable texture. You'd never know it was non-fat.
(Buzzer)
JERRY: (answering the buzzer) Yeah?
ELAINE: (on the buzzer) Buzz me.
JERRY: Hey, I had the show of my life last night. I ad-libbed like ten new minutes.
KRAMER: Yeah, but did you tape it?
JERRY: (pulling out a tape from his pocket) Vvvvup. Right there. I got it. I did this thing on the Ottoman Empire. Like, what was this? A whole empire based on putting your feet up?
KRAMER: Yes!
JERRY: I'm telling you, I got like a whole new Tonight Show here.
(Elaine enters)
ELAINE: Hey!
KRAMER: Hey!
(Elaine has her thumb in her mouth pushing her teeth)
JERRY: What's the matter?
ELAINE: Oh, I was having lunch, and I bit down on the fork.
JERRY: Boy, it's hard to believe - with all that biting experience - a person could still make a mistake like that.
(Kramer looks at Elaine)
KRAMER: (sort of falling backwords) Yowm!
ELAINE: What?
KRAMER: Well, you're getting heavy.
ELAINE: (quietly) What?
KRAMER: Yeah, you look like you put on (holds his hands out) five, (holds his hands wider) ten pounds.
JERRY: Kramer!
KRAMER: I'll tell you something else, you're looking a little chunky yourself, buddy.
JERRY: Me?
KRAMER: Yeah.
JERRY: No.
ELAINE: Where's your bathroom scale? (Jerry looks at her like 'where do you think?' Elaine and Jerry both go into the bathroom) Oh my god, I've gained seven pounds.
JERRY: I've gained eight.
KRAMER: I told ya.
ELAINE: Oh, my god! A couple, but 7 pounds. How did I gain 7 pounds?
JERRY: How did I gain eight?
ELAINE: I don't get it. I, I've been doing the same exercises. I haven't been eating anything different.
JERRY: Me, either. Wait a second. Wait a second. Maybe it's that yogurt.
KRAMER: No, no, no. That's hundred percent non-fat.
JERRY: Well, how else could this have happened?
KRAMER: Well, maybe it's the Oreos.
ELAINE: I don't eat Oreos.
KRAMER: You don't eat Oreos? (acts out eating Oreos) The way you break them open? You're (does a bunch of licking motions) ~ practically having sex with them.
JERRY: What about me?
KRAMER: You? You're getting old.
JERRY: Maybe your yogurt isn't so non-fat.
KRAMER: Oh, guess again, Tubby!
ELAINE: Jerry, there's got to be a way to find that out.
JERRY: There must be some kind of lab that would do that kind of thing.
ELAINE: AH! I've got it.
KRAMER: What?
ELAINE: I'll call the Food and Drug Administration.
(Grabs Jerry, feels him noticing the eight pounds)
KRAMER: Hey, I'll tell you what, Chubs, if that yogurt has fat in it, I will put myself on an all-yogurt diet for a week.
JERRY: Well, let's start the insanity.
KRAMER: NNNN-Giddy-up!
[Costanza House]
(Frank is in his chair, George is laying on the couch, Estelle is cleaning some items)
FRANK: Tommy Tune is a very good dancer. (hits George on the head with what seems to be the tvguide) You ever see Tommy Tune dance?
GEORGE: No.
ESTELLE: I like tap dancing.
FRANK: Tap dancing. Anyone can tap dance. It's all in those shoes.
ESTELLE: Are you kidding? They practice for years, those people.
GEORGE: What's for supper?
(door bell)
ESTELLE: Somebody's at the door.
(Estelle walks over to answer the door)
FRANK: Tommy Tune is very tall. That helps. It makes him lankier.
ESTELLE: (answers the door) Lloyd?
LLOYD: Hello, Mrs. Costanza.
ESTELLE: Georgie, Lloyd Braun is here.
(George slouches down on the couch in hopes to hide himself)
FRANK: Hey! Lloyd!
ESTELLE: What are you doing here?
(Frank and Lloyd shake)
LLOYD: Well, I was just in the neighborhood visiting my mother so I thought I'd drop by and say, "Hello".
ESTELLE: Georgie. Come here and say hello.
FRANK: How are you doing, Lloyd? I hear you're a big advisor for Dinkins now.
LLOYD: That's right. Hey, George.
GEORGE: Hey, Lloyd. (Shakes hands with Lloyd) How's it going? (chuckles)
LLOYD: I uh ran into George yesterday in the city.
(George nudges Estelle)
ESTELLE: Ow! (hits George on the forehead) What's the matter with you?
LLOYD: So, uh, how's the arm, huh?
GEORGE: Oh, it's good.
ESTELLE: What's the matter with your arm?
GEORGE: Nothing.
LLOYD: Oh, his arm moves like this. (does the nudging motion)
FRANK: Your arm moves like this? (does the nudging motion)
GEORGE: Yeah.
FRANK: (continues to move his arm) I never seen your arm move like this.
ESTELLE: Me, either.
GEORGE: Well, it comes and goes.
FRANK: It's like some kind of aaaaa (snapping his fingers) spasm.
LLOYD: Ooh! I asked Mr. Dinkins if he knew any good orthopedists, and he said he had the best. (hands George the Doctor's card) So, I made an appointment for you. Dr. Dekter.
ESTELLE: Mayor Dinkins got an appointment for him?
FRANK: You mentioned George's name to Mayor Dinkins? You discussed George with the mayor of New York?
ESTELLE: Dinkins was talking about you. He was discussing you.
(George with his hands on his face acting like he is soo excited the Mayor was discussing him)
GEORGE: You know, Lloyd, I-I've been to the doctor (hands George the card) there's really nothing they can do.
FRANK: (grabbing the card) Hey, Mayor Dinkins set this up for you. You know what kind of a doctor this must be if Dinkins knows him?
GEORGE: All right. All right! I'll go.
LLOYD: Well, that's great. (grabs the card back from Frank and hands it to George again) And, uh, I'll be very interested to hear the diagnosis.
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Elaine is on the phone)
ELAINE: Uh-huh. Okay, well, we're coming down. All right. (hangs up the phone) Okay. I got a place that can analyze it. It's in Brooklyn. We have to drive there.
JERRY: And they said they can do it?
ELAINE: Yeah, it's forty-five bucks.
JERRY: All right. Let's go down to the yogurt store, and we'll get a specimen.
ELAINE: Hm-hmm.
(knock on the door; Jerry answers)
MARYEDITH: Well, I hope you're satisfied.
JERRY: What?
MARYEDITH: Every word out of my son's mouth now is *beep*(fuck), *beep*(fuck), *beep*(fuck). (Jerry half turns and puts his head done for a second) You know what he said to me five minutes ago? Where's my *beep*(fuck)ing cupcake?
JERRY: Gee, I'm really sorry.
MARYEDITH: He wants to be like you because you're a comedian. Maybe you could talk to him?
JERRY: I'd be happy to.
MARYEDITH: Thank you.
JERRY: Ah, Mary, we've been eating a lot of your husband's uh yogurt at the yogurt place - does that have any fat in it?
MARYEDITH: No *beep*(fuck)ing way!
(Jerry and Elaine look at each other)
[Back to the Costanza House]
LLOYD: Well, it was very nice seeing you again.
ESTELLE: Oh, it was good seeing you.
LLOYD: Oh, um, by the way, who was that gorgeous woman I saw you with the other day?
GEORGE: Oh, uh, just a friend of mine.
ESTELLE: You must mean Elaine. Isn't she adorable?
LLOYD: She is. She is. How about giving me her number?
GEORGE: Oh, you know, Lloyd, I really don't have it.
ESTELLE: She works at Pendant Publishing. Elaine Benes.
LLOYD: Oh, great. (nudges George on the chin) Thanks a lot!
GEORGE: Yeah!
LLOYD: Buh bye.
ESTELLE: Bye! (Lloyd leaves) Oh, that Lloyd Braun. He is something, isn't he?
[Yogurt Shop]
(Newman is seen sitting with a bunch of his coworkers)
NEWMAN: Well, I wouldn't hear of it. I said, "Nice try, granny!" And I sent her to the back of the line!
(Newman laughing with a bunch of postal employees; Jerry and Elaine walk by him)
JERRY: Hello, Newman.
NEWMAN: Hello, Jerry. Say, this yogurt is really something, huh? And it's non-fat! I've been waiting for something like this my whole life! And it's finally here!
OWNER: Hey, Seinfeld. I'd appreciate it if you'd stop using obscenities around my son, huh?
JERRY: It was an accident. I'm going to talk to him.
ELAINE: I want a small, plain vanilla in a cup to go. That's non-fat, right?
OWNER: That's right.
ELAINE: 'Cause I'm on a special diet, and the doctor said I can't have any fat.
OWNER: Yeah, well, there is no fat.
NEWMAN: Hey, another round of strawberry for me and my friends.
[Jerry's Car]
(Jerry, Elaine and Kramer on the way to the lab]
ELAINE: Hurry, Jerry! Hurry!
JERRY: How's it doing?
ELAINE: Not so good.
KRAMER: Well, you can't have this tested now. It's melting.
JERRY: So what.
KRAMER: It changes the molecules.
JERRY: Oh, you don't know what you're talking about.
KRAMER: Hey, fatso! I got a 90 in biology.
JERRY: You call me fatso one more time; you're going to be walking back.
[The Lab]
ELAINE: Um, hi! Hi. I called earlier about getting the yogurt tested.
LAB TECHNICIAN: Oh, right. Would you fill this out, please?
ELAINE: Uh, does it matter if it's melted?
LAB TECHNICIAN: No! (Jerry looks at Kramer) You know, this is going to take a couple of days.
(Kramer notices a female lab tech and goes over to her)
ELAINE: That's okay.
KRAMER: Hello, there.
CHERYL: Hello!
KRAMER: Ooh! Test tubes. Cool!
JERRY: What do you got there?
LAB TECHNICIAN: Actually, this is Mr. Giuliani's blood. We're doing a cholesterol work up on it.
JERRY: Oh.
ELAINE: Okay, I'm done.
CHERYL: It was really nice meeting you.
KRAMER: Well, the pleasure's all mine.
[Jerry's Car]
JERRY: You can't take that chemist out.
KRAMER: Why not?
JERRY: Because she's like the jury. She's going to be sequestered.
KRAMER: I'm not taking her out just to influence the results.
JERRY: Well, I think the whole thing stinks.
ELAINE: It smells. Smells bad. Smells really bad.
JERRY: That's enough.
ELAINE: What?
JERRY: With the smelling.
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Jerry is pouring Cherrios into a scale]
GEORGE: So, he made an appointment for me to see Dinkins' doctor. He's just trying to humiliate me.
JERRY: Uh-huh.
GEORGE: And I have to go. If I don't go, he'll know I'm lying.
JERRY: Well, so, what are you going to do? Sit in the doctor's office doing this? (moves his arm) He's gonna think you're a mental patient.
GEORGE: I don't care. Look, Lloyd doesn't know what he's up against. This is nothing to me. (moving his arm) My whole life is a lie.
(Elaine enters)
ELAINE: Hey!
GEORGE: Hey
JERRY: Hey.
ELAINE: So, guess who called me.
GEORGE: Oh, don't tell me. Lloyd?
ELAINE: We're going out tomorrow night.
GEORGE: Oh, look, he's going to ask you about my arm. So, just tell him I banged it against a desk. And it's been moving involuntarily ever since.
ELAINE: I can't say that.
GEORGE: Why not?
ELAINE: What if I like him? I'm going to start out lying to this guy?
GEORGE: So, you're taking his side?
ELAINE: No. But what if we get married or something? We'll always have that between us.
GEORGE: Already you're marrying this guy?
ELAINE: You never know.
GEORGE: All right, believe me, you're not going to marry him.
ELAINE: All right, well, then what if we become a couple, George? Every time we see you you're going to be walking around going like this? (moving her arm) Even you can't keep that up.
JERRY: No, I believe he can.
(knock at the door; Jerry answers it)
MARYEDITH: Hi!
JERRY: Hi!
MARYEDITH: You know Jerry.
MATTHEW: Of course, he's the funny *beep*(fuck).
(Elaine and George peer out from the refrigerator.
MARYEDITH: See!
JERRY: Listen, Matthew, I-I want to explain something to you. Now, cursing is not something that most comedians do.
(Elaine and George turn and look at Jerry from behind the counter)
MATTHEW: You did it.
JERRY: That's true. But it was an accident. And I haven't done it since. And I would never do it again. And if you continue cursing, you'll never become a comedian like me when you grow up. (phone rings) Excuse me one second.
(Jerry looks toward Elaine and George who give him the 'Yea sure" look)
ELAINE: You know, Lloyd advises Dinkins on everything he does.
GEORGE: Yeah, yeah. Big advisor.
ELAINE: He tells him which soap to use.
(Matthew is seen pulling the tape out of Jerry's recording of his new material mentioned earlier in the show; Jerry sitting by the window on the phone sees this)
JERRY: (quickly moves over toward Matthew) What the *beep*(fuck) are you doing? You little piece of *beep*(shit)!
(Elaine and George are shocked; George throws stuff into the air and Elaine pulls a large amount of paper towels off a roll)
(The Lab)
CHERYL: Shh! We don't want to disturb the security guard.
KRAMER: Where's the lights. Whoa!
CHERYL: How about this?
(Cheryl lights a bunsen burner)
KRAMER: Yeah! Bunsen burner. (runs his fingers through the flame) oo ya ya.
CHERYL: Oo.
KRAMER: Yaow.
CHERYL: Ha hea.
KRAMER: You want a taste? It's Cappuccino.
CHERYL: It's delicious.
KRAMER: I hear you.
CHERYL: Non-fat?
KRAMER: Well, you tell me. Is the verdict in yet?
CHERYL: No.
KRAMER: Well, this is in case there's a tie!
(Kramer kisses Cheryl; Cheryl kicks the lab chair toward a table which holds the yogurt specimen in a test tube which is right above the Giuliani blood. The yogurt test tube is then poured into the Guiliani blood.
[Yogurt Shop]
ELAINE: Well, as far as I know, he bumped his arm into a door and it's kind of got this in(pauses)voluntarily movement. Some sort of a (clears her throat) spasm. So, anyway, you're a..you're a big advisor to Dinkins, huh?
LLOYD: Yeah, yeah. It's coming right down to the wire.
ELAINE: Wow! You know what I would do if I was running for mayor. One of my campaign themes would be that everybody should wear name tags all the time to make the city friendlier.
LLOYD: Name tags, hmm?
ELAINE: Well, everybody would know everybody. It would be like a small town.
LLOYD: Maybe I'll mention that to him.
ELAINE: Really? Wow.
LLOYD: You sure you don't want any yogurt?
ELAINE: No, I'm watching my weight.
LLOYD: Well, it's non-fat.
ELAINE: Yeah, so they say.
LLOYD: Well I'm done, should we go?
ELAINE: Yeah. Okay.
(They walk out and when Lloyd grabs Elaine he notices she is a little bit pudgy)
[Jerry's Apartment]
(Elaine has her head down on the counter, Jerry is measuring some more food)
ELAINE: Three days and he hasn't called me, and you know why? Because he thinks I'm too fat.
JERRY: (surprised) He said that?
ELAINE: (stands up straight) No, but I saw the look on his face when he put his arm around me. And then we went to his apartment, and I sat on one of his chairs and it broke. And he says, "Boy, you're a lot of woman!"
(Kramer enters whistling)
KRAMER: Hey! So, hear anything on the yogurt?
JERRY: No, but I expect to hear anytime.
KRAMER: Well, I wouldn't get your hopes up.
JERRY: Why do you say that?
KRAMER: No reason. Oh, did you hear about that Dinkins?
ELAINE: No. What about him?
KRAMER: You didn't hear?
ELAINE: Un-huh.
KRAMER: He's proposing a plan where everyone in the city should wear name tags.
(Elaine is silently full of joy)
JERRY: Name tags?
KRAMER: Yeah! So people can go around saying "hello" to one another.
JERRY: Oh, I see. So you can go, "Hey, you know who I saw wilding today? Herb!"
KRAMER: He's become the laughing stock! You know The Times has already stated it could cost him the election. (laughing) Name tags!
(Phone rings)
JERRY: (on the phone) Hello? Yes. Uh-huh. Ya. Oh, really? Okay, thank you very much. Bye-bye. (hangs up the phone) Well, the yogurt verdict is in. (Kramer looks at Jerry with his arms out) Fat!
KRAMER: Yeow!
[Doctor's Office]
(George is in the office with the doctor)
GEORGE: The next morning, I woke up, and it was going like this. (moves his arm slowly) I can control it if I really concentrate. But otherwise, (arm moves) oh.
DOCTOR: Uh huh. Yes, well, I'm going to have to be perfectly honest with you.
GEORGE: Please, doctor.
DOCTOR: I've examined you.
GEORGE: Yes.
DOCTOR: I've looked at your X-rays.
GEORGE: Uh-huh.
DOCTOR: And I find that there's absolutely nothing wrong with you.
GEORGE: Hmm. Really? Nothing?
DOCTOR: Nothing, that would indicate involuntary spasms.
GEORGE: Well, it's kind of a mystery, isn't it?
DOCTOR: No, not really.
GEORGE: How so?
DOCTOR: May I suggest the possibility that you're faking?
GEORGE: Faking? What makes you think that I have time to see doctors, take X-rays, make appointments, when there's absolutely nothing wrong with me? What kind of a person would do a thing like that?
DOCTOR: I don't know what kind of a person would do something like that. Obviously a very sick person. A very immature person. A person who has no regard for wasting other people's valuable time. Good-bye.
GEORGE: Now, see here, doctor.
DOCTOR: I said, good-bye.
GEORGE: Fine. (hits his arm on the desk) Ow!
[Jerry's Apartment]
ELAINE: Jerry, come on, look. Let's go over to that yogurt store.
JERRY: Look, Elaine, I've been thinking about this. This has got to be a massive conspiracy. Who knows how deep it goes. Hey, look, wait a second, (looking at the TV) Kramer, turn that up.
KRAMER: Huh, Okay.
NEWS: Rudy Giuliani, who underwent a physical last week, received some startling news today, when his cholesterol count turned out to be a whopping 375. What effect this will have on the minds of the voters remains to be seen. In another development, Mayor Dinkins has fired his top advisor, Lloyd Braun, who is believed to be responsible for the name tag fiasco. We now take you to Giuliani headquarters where Rudy Giuliani is about to make a statement.
GIULIANI: It's hard to understand. Because I've been doing everything I normally do. I've been watching my diet very carefully. I exercise regularly. My only indulgence, I guess, would be that I eat a lot of frozen yogurt. But it's non-fat.
JERRY: Non-fat yogurt? Oh, my god. They got Giuliani and he doesn't even know it.
ELAINE: (pointing to Kramer) Now look what you've done.
JERRY: Well, we've got to do something. (grabs his phone) I'm calling Giuliani's headquarters.
[Costanza House]
(Frank is sitting on his chair; Estelle is on the couch; George is standing in between them)
GEORGE: Name tags! Name tags! What kind of an idiot thinks anybody would be interested in an idea like that.
FRANK: I don't think it's so bad. People should wear name tags. Everyone would be a lot friendlier. "Hello, Sam." "How are you doing, Joe?" (George's arm moves and hits the lamp) Hey, your arm. It moved again. I thought you said it went away.
GEORGE: I banged it on the desk in the doctor's office. An (worriedly rubbing his arm) aaaa . . .
ESTELLE: Be quiet. They're starting the press conference.
GIULIANI: My campaign staff has received some very disturbing information regarding the fat content in yogurt that's being sold throughout the city. I pledge to you now, that if I'm elected mayor, as my first order of business I'll appoint a special task force to investigate this matter. I promise you, my fellow New Yorkers, that Mayor Giuliani will do everything possible to cleanse this city of this falsified non-fat yogurt.
[Yogurt Shop]
(Jerry, George, Elaine and Kramer sitting at a table in the Yogurt Shop)
JERRY: The old yogurt was so much better. Oh, this is terrible.
GEORGE: Phew!
ELAINE: Oh, it stinks.
KRAMER: Mine, too. I got one more day.
JERRY: I can't eat this.
NEWMAN: (from the corner of the Yogurt shop) Hey, Jerry. Thanks a lot. I hope you're happy.
JERRY: It had fat in it, it's not good for you.
NEWMAN: I don't care. It was good. I was enjoying it. Had to interfere. Couldn't leave well enough alone. Well, I will get even with you for this. You can count on it.
ELAINE: Hey, you guys, listen to this. Listen to this. (reading from the newspaper) Apparently some blood spilled into Mr. Giuliani's test tube causing his cholesterol count to be 150 points higher than was initially reported. Ironically, the mishap by bringing the non-fat yogurt scandal to the attention of the public, probably clinched the election for the Republican. It was the one issue which seemed to electrify the voters and swept Giuliani into office.
JERRY: So, in effect, the yogurt won him the election.
ELAINE: I wonder what actually happened in that lab.
KRAMER: Yeah, me, too.
NEWMAN: I can't eat this.
(Newman exits in disgust along with another customer; Matthew and his mom come over)
MATTHEW: (hits Jerry to get his attention) Thanks for ruining my daddy's business, you fat *beep*(fuck).
[Closing Monologue]
There's nothing more fun than cursing when you're a kid. I mean it's like getting the keys to the car isn't it? You're doing something you're not supposed to do and that's all you want. And there's nothing less fun than when you're an adult and having to use those..wholesome curses (with a lot of emphasis) 'Fudge' (more emphasis) 'Sugar' 'Con-sarnit' What the hell is con-sarnit anyway? I mean you stub your toe and you say con-sarnit you might as well say 'Yippee' But if you've ever been to a foreign country the first thing you learn are the curse words, right? You travel halfway around the world to experience some centuries old exotic civilization, the first thing you ask is 'How do they say doodie here?'
[Opening Monologue]
JERRY: The old-fashioned barber shop is unfortunately becoming a thing of the past, now what went wrong? Well first of all there's a twenty thousand dollar chair to make a three dollar tip. I say cut back on the chair, update the magazines. Why do barbers always display that license? There's no laws in hair cutting, except show every person the back of their head that's the one law. I don't want to see the back of my head. Why do I want to see something that I'm never going to see at any other time? When I buy pants two salesmen don't lift me up by the legs and go "how do you like crotch?" If I wanted to see everything I would have been a fly.
[Sanalac office building]
(George is at a meeting)
MR. TUTTLE: Well George we here at Sanalac like to think of ourselves as a fairly progressive company. We have a small but prestigious group of clients.
GEORGE: Well a lot of people consider me small and prestigious.
MR. TUTTLE: That's funny George. You're very quick. I feel like I, like I don't have to explain every little thing to you. You understand everything immediately.
GEORGE: I enjoy understanding.
MR. TUTTLE: I want you to have this job. Of course...
SECRETARY: Mr. Zimmer is on line 2.
MR. TUTTLE: Thanks. I've got to take this call. Listen, I'm really glad that you came in.
[At Monk's]
(Jerry, George and Elaine are sitting at the booth closest to the door)
GEORGE: I want you to have this job. Of course...
JERRY & ELAINE: Yeah?
GEORGE: That's it.
JERRY: What do you mean that's it?
GEORGE: He never finished the sentence. He got a call, that was the end of the interview.
JERRY: "Of course" was the last thing he said?
GEORGE: Maybe he was going to say "Of course I have to check with my associates."
ELAINE: "I want you to have this job, of course the Board of Directors is under indictment and will be serving time."
JERRY: "I want you to have this job, of course sodomy is a prerequisite."
(Elaine laughs)
GEORGE: All right.
ELAINE: Why don't you go ahead and call him?
GEORGE: Because he made a big deal about how I understand everything immediately. That's what impressed him.
JERRY: So if you call and ask if you have the job, you might lose the job.
GEORGE: And if I don't call...
JERRY: You might have the job, but you'll never know it. What kind of company is it?
GEORGE: Rest stop supply.
ELAINE & JERRY: Oh.
ELAINE: Good for you.
(Kramer comes in and sits down.)
KRAMER: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
GEORGE: Hey
JERRY: Hey
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Shower?
KRAMER: Haircut.
JERRY: Oh.
KRAMER: I'm very happy with this.
JERRY: Who'd you use? Gino?
KRAMER: Oh course. I wouldn't let that other butcher cut my hair.
ELAINE: What butcher?
KRAMER: The uncle Enzo. That's the guy Jerry uses.
JERRY: Well I've been going with him for 12 years. I can't switch. I'd hurt his feelings.
ELAINE: You never get good haircuts.
KRAMER: You can get a good one today. It's Enzo's day off. Gino's there all by himself.
JERRY: Really?
ELAINE: Yeah. You know what, you should go over there and get one to look good for my bachelor auction.
KRAMER: What bachelor auction?
ELAINE: Oh it's a thing where they auction off dates with bachelors for charity.
KRAMER: And you didn't ask me to do it? I could raise enough money to cure polio.
JERRY: I believe they've had a cure for polio for quite some time.
KRAMER: Polio?
ELAINE: Will you go ahead? You need a haircut.
JERRY: Okay.
KRAMER: What are you all dressed up for?
GEORGE: I had a job interview.
KRAMER: Yeah. How'd it go?
GEORGE: Good. Of course...
[At the barber shop]
ENZO: Oh Jerry.
JERRY: Oh hi Enzo.
ENZO: Oh, you've come for the haircut.
JERRY: No, actually I was just gonna...
ENZO: It's my day off, but I take care of you anyway because you're my favorite customer. You've been with me for so long. You're so loyal.
JERRY: Well I, if it's your day off I really... (tries to leave)
ENZO: (He pulls Jerry into the barber chair. Jerry is trying to get away but can't.) Eh, what's the difference. It takes 10 minutes. Jerry, today I'm going to do something special for you.
JERRY: Well I don't want to take too much off.
ENZO: Hey who's your barber, eh? You tell the joke, I cut the hair.
MAN: Gino, you've outdone yourself this time. This is the best haircut I've ever had.
[At Jerry's apartment.]
(Jerry is sitting down on the couch with a really bad haircut. He is holding a mirror. Jerry and George are looking in disbelief at the haircut.)
GEORGE: He massacred you.
JERRY: I know.
GEORGE: You look like you're five years old.
JERRY: What if I shampoo? Sometimes a shampoo helps.
GEORGE: You've got to start seeing someone else. Get out of this relationship.
JERRY: I can't. He loves me. He says I'm his most loyal customer. Plus he's right there on the corner. I'd have to pass him every day when I go by.
GEORGE: Well, you gotta do it.
JERRY: I can't, I can't. I'd break his heart.
(Kramer enters. He flinches when he sees the haircut.)
KRAMER: No way my Gino did that. It's an Enzo.
JERRY: He was in the shop. I thought you told me he wasn't going to be there.
KRAMER: So what?
JERRY: I didn't want to hurt his feelings.
KRAMER: His feelings? You can't continue seeing him. You're destroying yourself.
JERRY: Yea but...
KRAMER: I'm not going to let you. If you don't call him I will.
JERRY: No, no Kramer. I don't want you to do that. You can't do that.
KRAMER: I'm going to call Gino, you're going to see him, and we're going to get that haircut fixed up.
JERRY: I don't want you to call him.
KRAMER: All right, geez. You're crazy.
(Kramer leaves.)
GEORGE: So I still haven't heard about that job.
JERRY: Yeah that's a tough one. What are you going to do about that?
GEORGE: I have an idea.
JERRY: Yeah?
GEORGE: I show up.
JERRY: What do you mean you show up?
GEORGE: I show up. I pretend I have the job. The guy's on vacation. If I have the job, it's fine. If I don't have the job, by the time he comes back, I'm ensconced.
JERRY: Hmm. Not bad.
GEORGE: What's the worst thing that could happen?
JERRY: Well, you'd be embarrassed and humiliated in front of a large group of people and have to walk out in shame with your tail between your legs.
GEORGE: Yeah, so?
JERRY: Yeah, I see what you mean. I forgot who I was dealing with here.
[At the office.]
GEORGE: (to various people as he walks in) Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Hi nice to see you. How are you. Good morning. (to the secretary) Good morning.
SECRETARY: How can I help you?
GEORGE: The name's George Constanza. I'm starting work here today. I was wondering if you could tell me where my office is.
SECRETARY: I wasn't aware that, uh, Mike, this is George Constanza. He's starting here today.
MIKE: Welcome aboard.
GEORGE: Thanks Mike. Nice to be aboard.
MIKE: I wasn't aware that Mr. Tuttle was finished interviewing.
GEORGE: Oh, well, he was probably just getting anxious to start his vacation.
SECRETARY: He wants to know where his office is.
MIKE: Oh, ah, let's see, we've got two. There's a big one down the hall there and a small one over here. You know I should ask Jack.
GEORGE: Oh leave Jack alone. Jack's got enough problems. I'll just take the small office.
MIKE: Really?
GEORGE: Yes. I like to feel cozy. I have a very small apartment. I like to feel tucked in, nestled in. Love to be nestled.
MIKE: All right, it's 808 right down there. Meanwhile, I'll get you the Pensky file, you can start working on that.
GEORGE: Yes, yes of course. The Pensky file. Ho ho, can't wait to sink my teeth into that. Wow that Pensky. Well we'll straighten him out.
(George walks into his office. He sets down his briefcase and coat and sits down. He quickly flips through the folder, then drops the folder on his desk with a big thud.)
(Camera shot at the clock on his wall. The clock says 9:00.)
(A moment later, the clock flips to 5:00.)
(George puts the folder in his briefcase. He picks up the briefcase and his coat and he walks out.)
[At Monk's]
(Jerry is wearing a baseball cap sitting with George at the usual booth]
JERRY: So what did you do there all day?
GEORGE: They gave me the Pensky file.
JERRY: So it's a nice place to work?
GEORGE: You know I'm enjoying it very much. I think my coworkers are really taking to me.
*flashback* (a white fuzzy border is around the TV screen)
GEORGE: (continuing) I feel like a family. In fact, yesterday was Grace's birthday. She's such a sweet woman so, we had a little party, with cake and champagne. I made a toast.
*end flashback*
JERRY: What about your boss? The guys you interviewed you?
GEORGE: He'll be back on Monday.
(Elaine enters and sits down.)
JERRY: Hi.
ELAINE: Hi. How come you're wearing a hat?
JERRY: I got a haircut.
ELAINE: Oh yeah? Can I see it?
JERRY: Oh there's nothing to see.
ELAINE: Come on. Let me see it.
JERRY: Forget it.
ELAINE: Come on.
JERRY: All right.
(Jerry takes off his baseball cap. Elaine bursts out laughing. George starts laughing. Jerry rolls his eyes in the air. Elaine and George are still laughing. George pounds his fist on the table.)
JERRY: Alright, that's very good. Thank you.
ELAINE: (still laughing, tears in her eyes) I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
JERRY: Well I'll tell you this, you can forget about me going to that bachelor auction.
ELAINE: What? No Jerry, you have to go.
GEORGE: You know Elaine, I'd do it but I'm working that day.
ELAINE: (dryly) Yeah, too bad.
[At the barber shop. Gino is giving Kramer a shave.]
KRAMER: It the worst haircut Jerry's ever had. You gotta fix it.
GINO: Sure, I fix. But you gotta make sure you no tell anybody. He's a little crazy. I don't know what he'd do if he found out I touch Jerry's hair.
KRAMER: Yeah yeah yeah.
GINO: (Enzo enters) So I love the Edward Scissorhands. That's the best movie I've ever seen.
ENZO: Oh ah, again with the Edward Scissorhand. How can you have hand like a scissor, huh? Show me one person who's got hand like a scissor.
GINO: Hey, it's a beautiful dream. I'd love to be this man.
ENZO: Did you ever think about what you're going to do on the toilet? (yelling) What are you going to do on the toilet?
KRAMER: I'd like to have shoehorn hands.
[At Monk's.]
(Kramer joins Jerry, George and Elaine at the booth)
KRAMER: Hey.
JERRY: Hey
KRAMER: Okay listen to me. I talked to Gino, he's going to fix the haircut.
ELAINE: Oh great, then you can go to the bachelor auction.
JERRY: Yeah, but how am I...
KRAMER: No buts. His apartment tonight, Eight o'clock.
ELAINE: Can he fix it?
KRAMER: I don't know.
[At Gino's apartment.]
GINO: Boy, you've got a beautiful head of hair.
JERRY: Oh. thank you.
GINO: I bet uncle Enzo, he tell you that all the time.
JERRY: Well actually Enzo hasn't said that to me in a while.
GINO: I don't think Uncle Enzo realize what a lucky barber he is.
JERRY: That's nice of you to say.
(The buzzer buzzes.)
GINO: Just a second. (answering buzzer) Yes.
ENZO: (over the speaker) It's your uncle Enzo.
GINO: It's Uncle Enzo. Go in there. I'll clean up.
("The Barber of Seville" music is playing. Gino picks up the chair and puts it into the closet. He picks up a broom and sweeps some hair into the next room.)
*knock, knock, knock*
(Gino opens the door.)
GINO: Uncle Enzo, what are you doing here?
ENZO: I've come to apologize.
GINO: Apologize?
ENZO: Yea. I rented the move Edward Scissorhands. That Johnny Depp, he make me cry.
GINO: He make me cry too. You want something to drink?
ENZO: Hey, what's all of this?
GINO: Nothing. It's just hair.
ENZO: You do haircut in the apartment?
GINO: No. Pizza man was here. Maybe some fall off. He's going bald.
ENZO: It looks very familiar.
[At Jerry's apartment.]
JERRY: In the one minute he worked on me I could tell he was really good.
KRAMER: Yeah. Slow, gentle, attentive.
JERRY: Yeah.
KRAMER: I told you he could do it.
JERRY: Enzo picked up one of my hairs off the floor.
KRAMER: Yeah, so?
JERRY: I think he knew.
KRAMER: No. He doesn't know.
JERRY: Who do you know? He knows my hair.
KRAMER: Listen you're just imagining things. He doesn't know a thing. Now come on. Pull yourself together.
JERRY: Okay, okay.
(Elaine enters.)
ELAINE: What happened? It looks the same.
JERRY: He didn't get to finish it. His uncle came in. We almost got caught.
ELAINE: Jerry, the auction is in a few hours.
JERRY: Take the K-man.
ELAINE: You can still go.
KRAMER: What are you kidding? Look at him. He's grotesque.
ELAINE: You think?
KRAMER: Do I think? He's repugnant.
(Elaine fiddles with the hair, trying to make it not look so bad. It doesn't work.)
ELAINE: What would you wear?
KRAMER: Whatever it takes.
[At the barber shop.]
ENZO: See, now Newman is a good customer.
NEWMAN: Once I find a barber I stick with him. I almost went to barber school. I always felt I had a talent for it.
ENZO: Oh, not everybody like Newman, so loyal.
NEWMAN: Yeah, just the way that I was raised. I'm special.
ENZO: You know I don't mind if somebody's funny, but I no like the funny business.
GINO: I'm going to go out for a little bit. I'll be right back.
ENZO: Take your time. (Gino leaves) You happy with the haircut?
NEWMAN: It's okay. A little crooked.
ENZO: How'd you like to have free haircut for six months.
NEWMAN: What's the catch?
ENZO: You're going to get me a sample of Jerry's hair.
NEWMAN: Hmm, that job sounds like it might be worth a year's free haircuts. And a comb.
[At George's office.]
(George is "playing the drums" on his desk. He is tapping his desk with pencils.)
(buzzer on the phone)
SECRETARY: (over the speaker) Mr. Costanza, Mr. Pensky is here to see you.
GEORGE: Mr. Pensky? Of the Pensky file?
(Pensky enters.)
PENSKY: Costanza? Arthur Pensky.
GEORGE: Mr. Pensky. I was just working on your file. I was transferring the contents of the file into this flexible accordion-style folder.
PENSKY: Where's Tuttle?
GEORGE: He's on vacation.
PENSKY: He was on vacation the last time I dropped by. Give me my file. (looks through the file) Looks like you put a lot of work into this.
GEORGE: Well you know in college they used to call me the little bulldog.
PENSKY: Hey, you are Pensky material. Would you ever consider coming to work directly for me?
GEORGE: Really?
PENSKY: You are aware...
(buzzer on the phone)
SECRETARY: (over the speaker) Mr. Castanza?
GEORGE: Not now Florice.
SECRETARY: (speaker) I thought Mr. Pensky should know they're towing his car.
PENSKY: Damn this city.
(Pensky leaves.)
GEORGE: I am aware. I am aware.
[At Jerry's apartment.]
GINO: He knows. He knows about us.
JERRY: How do you know?
GINO: Because I know. He's crazy. All morning, he looking at the hair. He staring at the hair.
(knock knock knock)
JERRY: Who is it?
NEWMAN: It's Newman.
GINO: He was in the shop with Enzo. He can't see me here.
JERRY: All right, go in the bedroom. Open the window. You can go out the fire escape.
(Jerry opens the door.)
JERRY: What do you want?
NEWMAN: (dancing) Can I use your bathroom?
JERRY: What's wrong with yours?
NEWMAN: My toilet's clogged.
JERRY: You can't unclog it?
NEWMAN: No.
JERRY: Did you ask Kramer?
NEWMAN: He's out.
JERRY: Number one?
NEWMAN: Yes, yes. May I go? Cause I gotta go very badly.
JERRY: All right. Flush twice.
(He goes in the bathroom.)
NEWMAN: (thinking to himself; checks a comb) No. (checks a brush) Jackpot. I don't believe this. There's no hair in this thing. I've never seen a person that didn't have at least one hair in a brush.
(searches the bathtub drain) Unbelievable, nothing. (sees some scissors) Ahh.
JERRY: All right?
NEWMAN: Yeah, yeah.
JERRY: All right, I'll see you later.
NEWMAN: What are you doing?
JERRY: I'm watching Edward Scissorhands.
NEWMAN: Oh, can I watch a little? Cuz it's my favorite movie.
JERRY: Yeah all right.
(Newman follows behind Jerry closely as Jerry goes to the kitchen. Newman puts the scissors close up to Jerry's hair. Jerry turns around. Newman hides the scissors.)
JERRY: You want something to drink?
NEWMAN: No. No.
(Newman tries again as Jerry goes to his couch. Newman follows behind Jerry closely. Newman puts the scissors close up to Jerry's hair. Jerry turns around. Newman hides the scissors. Jerry looks at Newman confused.)
JERRY: If you want to watch, sit down. You're making me nervous. I tell you this Scissorhands is a hell of a barber.
(Newman reaches behind Jerry and get a snip of hair.)
NEWMAN: Gotta go. Oh gee, I dropped a nickel (reaches down and picks up the hair.)
(Newman leaves laughing. Jerry looks confused. Gino re-enters from the bedroom)
[At the barber shop.]
(Newman enters)
ENZO: Did you get it? (comparing the hairs) Oh you done good Newman.
NEWMAN: It was a cinch. Where are you going?
ENZO: Io volgio vandetta.
[At the auction house.]
ELAINE: Nine hundred. Do I hear a thousand? Ladies, he is a Harvard graduate.
WOMAN: A thousand.
ELAINE: A thousand. Okay, a thousand once, a thousand twice, a thousand three times, sold to the lucky lady in the third row. Congratulations, thank you so much.
(Kramer peeks out the curtain and comes out and walks around on stage.)
ELAINE: Okay next bachelor is number, um 124 on your program. He's uh, he's a high school graduate.
KRAMER: Equivalency.
ELAINE: Oh, uh equivalency. A high school equivalency program graduate. (Kramer dances up and down the stage) He's uh, self-employed. He's... I don't know, six foot three, 190 pounds, he likes, uh... fruit, and he just got uh, a haircut.
(Kramer steps from the stage onto a table. The table tips over and Kramer falls off. )
ELAINE: Oh, Kramer. Okay uh, why don't we start the bidding. Do I hear, um, five bucks?
[At Jerry's apartment.]
JERRY: I don't get this Scissorhands. What, is he supposed to be like a super hero, like Green Lantern or somebody? What's with this guy? (Gino looks at him annoyed) Just asking.
(knock, knock, knock)
JERRY: Who is it?
ENZO: (yelling) Enzo Manginero.
("Barber of Seville" music playing.)
JERRY: Oh my god, he knows. (Jerry and Gino scrambling) Go. (yelling to the door) One second.
ENZO: It was you that was in Gino's apartment the other night.
JERRY: No I wasn't there. (enters and slams the door)
ENZO: Don't lie. I know it was you. I get a sample of your hair. I match them up.
JERRY: Sample? (under his breath) Newman. Uh, I was there but I was just dropping off a book.
(Gino enters from the bedroom)
GINO: Don't Jerry.
ENZO: So, it's true.
GINO: Yes it's true.
ENZO: I'm going to kill the both of you.
(Enzo notices "Edward Scissorhands" playing on the TV and becomes calm.)
[At the office.]
(George is at his desk sleeping with a newspaper draped over him. Tuttle walks in. He bangs on the door. George wakes up.)
GEORGE: Mr. Tuttle, you're back.
TUTTLE: George, I'm surprised to see you here.
GEORGE: You are?
TUTTLE: I thought you would have taken the large office.
GEORGE: Oh. Really.
TUTTLE: I guess I didn't make that clear when I hired you. So where's that Pensky file? Let's see what you've been up to all week.
GEORGE: Ah, here it is.
TUTTLE:  (pages through the file) What have you been doing all week?
GEORGE: Well you missed a lovely little party that we had for Grace.
TUTTLE: You haven't done anything with this.
GEORGE: Well bear in mind that I am in the smaller office.
TUTTLE: I'm beginning to wonder if you understand anything.
GEORGE: You are aware that Pensky is interested in me.
TUTTLE: (scoffs) You're not Pensky material.
GEORGE: (chuckles) Really? Well, we'll just see about that. Ta-ta, Tut-tle.
[At Jerry's apartment.]
(Gino and Enzo are watching "Edward Scissorhands" on TV. They are both sobbing.)
[At the barber shop.]
("Barber of Seville" music is playing.)
(Jerry looks in the barber shop window and sees Newman giving a guy a haircut. He enters. Newman looks at him scared. Jerry picks up an electric razor and walks toward Newman. Newman is very frightened.)
[Pensky office]
PENSKY: Gee George, I'm sorry I gave you the wrong impression. What is was going to say was, now you are aware that our Board of Directors has been indicted, myself included, and we're prohibited from doing business until the investigation is completed. So obviously, we would have no use for you.
GEORGE: Obviously.
(buzzer on the phone)
PENSKY: Yes.
SECRETARY: (over the speaker) Excuse me, but Mr. Costanza's car is being towed.
(George waves his hand and the final note of "Barber of Seville" plays.)
[After the closing Castle Rock Logo]
KRAMER: (on the phone in Jerry's apartment) So when are you gonna be able to go out?
NEWMAN: (on the phone in his apartment with a Bald head) Not for a while.
[Setting: Night club]
JERRY: If there's a serial killer lose in your neighborhood, it seems like the safest thing is to be the neighbor. They never kill the neighbor. The neighbor always survives to do the interview afterwards. Right? "Oh, he was kind of quiet." I love these neighbors. They're never disturbed by the sounds of murdering, just stereo. Chain saws, people screaming, fine. Just keep the music down. And all these women who always fall in love with the serial killer. They write to him in prison. Here's a woman that's hard to disappoint. I guess she's only upset when she finds out he's stopped killing people and she goes: "You know sometimes I feel like I don't even know who you are anymore".
[setting: Elaine's office and Jerry's apartment]
(Elaine's on the phone with Jerry)
JERRY: No eight years isn't such a long streak.
ELAINE: It isn't?
JERRY: No I haven't vomited in thirteen years.
ELAINE: Get out!
JERRY: Not since June 29, 1980.
ELAINE: You remember the date?
JERRY: Yes, because my previous vomit was also June 29th... 1972. That's why during the '80 vomit, I was yelling to George: "Can you believe it? I'm vomiting on June 29th again."
ELAINE: Boy, you know when Joel told me he hadn't thrown up in eight years, I was wondering if he was normal.
JERRY: No Elaine he's normal. Your boyfriend is a normal guy. He just happens to have the same name as one of the worst serial killers in the history of New-York.
ELAINE: Yeah... (2 co-workers enter Elaine's office) Oh Jer, I gotta go. I gotta go. (she hangs up)
JOANNE: Hi, we just saw your boyfriend at a bus stop.
ELAINE: Oh, yeah?
JOANNE: Yeah. What's his name?
ELAINE: Joel...
JOANNE: Joel what?
ELAINE: Uh... (clears her throat) Rifkin.
MICHAEL: Rifkin? Joel Rifkin?
ELAINE: Yeah. It's just a coincidence obviously.
MICHAEL: Guess you better keep on his good side.
ELAINE: Very funny. That's very funny.
JOANNE: I wouldn't sleep with my back to him if I were you.
ELAINE: All right. Well that's enough of that. That's enough.
MICHAEL: Hey Elaine listen. If you smell anything decaying in the trunk of his car...
ELAINE: (she's upset, gets up and yells) OK look this is my boyfriend we're talking about OK? And he's a gentlemen, he's good looking, he's a good shaver and he hasn't thrown up in eigth years so just shut up about him! Shut up!
(scene ends)
[setting: Jerry's]
ELAINE: The whole city is talking about this monster Joel Rifkin, and I am dating a Joel Rifkin.
JERRY: But you like your Joel Rifkin.
ELAINE: Yeah. I just wish he has a different name.
JERRY: Ask him to change it.
ELAINE: You can't ask a person to change their name.
JERRY: Why not?
ELAINE: Would you change yours?
JERRY: If someone asked me nicely. I'm Claude Seinfeld.
(Kramer enters)
ELAINE: Hey, how many people did Rifkin strangle? Eighteen?
JERRY: Yeah. Eighteen strangles.
KRAMER: You know why Rifkin was a serial killer? Because he was adopted. (saying it as he's taking a lot of paper towels from Jerry's roll; Elaine and Jerry are confused at Kramer's statement) Just like Son of Sam was adopted. So apparently adoption leads to serial killing. (Kramer leaves and we don't know why he needed so much paper towels)
ELAINE: You know Joel and I have an extra ticket to the Giants game.
(Jerry doesn't have the time to open his mouth before Kramer pops in again)
KRAMER: I'll go.
ELAINE: O.K. I'll leave the ticket for you at will call.
KRAMER: Yeah! Ooh! (leaves again)
ELAINE: You think I should have asked George?
JERRY: Hey did you hear that George got back with Karen?
ELAINE: Karen?
JERRY: Risotto. (we see a flashback from The Mango where Karen tells George that she feels full after a Risotto, as opposed to when she has sex with him)
ELAINE: Oh! The Risotto broad.
JERRY: Yeah. He's really got a good thing with her. In fact I'm doubling with them tonight.
ELAINE: I tought you didn't like double dates.
JERRY: George likes them, he feels it's a good personality showcase. He likes a date to see him with a friend so she can get a window into his nondate personality.
ELAINE: I've looked through that window and screamed at him to shut the blinds.
JERRY: He feels he's funnier, more relaxed.
ELAINE: And you're taking...
JERRY: Jody the masseuse.
ELAINE: Hey, did you get a massage yet?
JERRY: No! How many times do I have to go out with her before I get a massage?
ELAINE: Jerry, she gives massages all day. She doesn't wanna to give them on dates.
JERRY: Yeah I know... She just wants to have sex.
ELAINE: So what?
JERRY: So it's like going to Idhao and eating carrots. I like carrots, but I'm in Idhao, I want a potato.
(scene ends)
[setting: The Chinese restaurant (the same as in 'The Chinese Restaurant')]
(Jerry, Jody, Karen and George sitting at a table. Yes! They got a table!)
GEORGE: (George is telling a story. Karen is laughing and she seems to be the only one to find him funny) So I go into this clothing store and the saleswoman is wearing this (whistling) low cut thing. So I said to her: "Can I ask you a question? When you put on a top like that, what's your tought process? What's going on in your mind?"
KAREN: That is so funny.
GEORGE: (to Jody) You're listening to this?
JODI: Yeah. I heard you.
JERRY: (to Jody) My neck is killing me. Right in this spot. Very tender over here.
JODI: (to George) So what did she say?
GEORGE: Well nothing. I didn't actually say that. (Karen is still laughing)
JODI: You just said that you said it.
GEORGE: Sweetheart, I was exaggerating.
KAREN: I'm learning a lot about you tonight George. I've never seen you like this.
JERRY: (touching the back of his neck) It's like somebody's pulling on wires back here.
GEORGE: You know it's like you never see a really attractive woman getting a traffic ticket.
JODI: How can you say that? My sister got a ticket last week. Are you saying she's not attractive?
GEORGE: Well I've never met your sister but obviously these are not hard-and-fast rules. (to the waitress) Darling, the tea is getting a little cold sweetheart.
JODI: (to Jerry) Can we go?
JERRY: Yeah. Let's go.
KAREN: So soon? (they get up)
JERRY: Yeah. Good seeing you again Karen.
KAREN: Yeah.
JODI: Nice meeting you Karen.
KAREN: Yeah. Nice to meet you too and I'm gonna call you about that massage.
JODI: Oh yeah.
GEORGE: Jody let's do this agian real soon (he tends his arms for a hug but she avoids him)
JODI: Yeah. (she and Jerry walk away)
(scene ends)
[setting: Jerry's place later that night]
(Jerry and Jody are sitting next to each other on the couch, watching TV)
JERRY: I strained my neck last night.
JODI: Really, how?
JERRY: I tried brushing my teeth by holding the brush and moving my head from side to side. It didn't work.
JODI: So what's the deal with your friend George?
JERRY: No deal. Why?
JODI: What was all that "attractive women not getting tickets" nonsense?
JERRY: Oh well, he was just showcasing his nondate pesonality.
JODI: I don't know how you can hang out with that guy.
JERRY: Yeah. Sometimes he really makes me tense (he takes Jody's hand and put it on his shoulder)
JODI: Did you see the way that he was eating?
JERRY: Yeah, he's disgusting. (putting her hand back on his shoulder. She unconsciously starts to massage a little while watching TV)
JODI: I have to tell you, I really don't like him.
JERRY: Yeah, me either. (he takes her other hand and put it on his other shoulder)
JODI: It's just I hate that type.
JERRY: Yeah, he's a bad seed.
JODI: Now you however, you, I like. (she stops massaging and kisses Jerry)
JERRY: What are you doing?
JODI: What do you think I'm doing? (he won't get his massage...)
(scene ends)
[setting: The Chinese restaurant]
(George and Karen are still at the table, they're about to leave)
GEORGE: So, what do you think?
KAREN: Really enjoyed it.
GEORGE: Jody's nice.
KAREN: She's very nice. (grabs George's hand) Let's discuss this later.
GEORGE: You think she liked me? She seemed to like me.
KAREN: Yeah
GEORGE: I was personable. Don't you think I was personable?
KAREN: You were extremely personable.
GEORGE: I tought I picked up a little something. I'm very good at this. Did you pick up anything?
KAREN: I didn't pick up anything.
GEORGE: The second time I sent the noodles back, I tought she made a face...
KAREN: I didn't see a face.
GEORGE: I tought I saw a face.
KAREN: Anyhow, what is the difference?
GEORGE: No difference. I could care less. She's Jerry's girlfriend.
KAREN: George, George, instead of talking about this, we could be... you know... (she makes a move with her head like George did in 'The Mango' while saying: "instead of the movie...")
GEORGE: He he he he
KAREN: Ah ah ah ah
GEORGE: So you think she likes me?
(Karen gives up and slams her forehead down on the table)
(scene ends)
[setting: Elaine's place]
(She's sitting on the couch, reading, and Joel is coming quietly behind her to massage her neck.)
ELAINE: (as he touches her) Uhh! What are you doing?
JOEL: Massaging your neck.
ELAINE: Oh. Huh. Of course. Massaging.
JOEL: Uh, boning up on football? (talking about the magazine she's reading as he sits beside her)
ELAINE: Yeah, yeah. You know what? There are a lot of players named Deon these days. What a cool name, Deon. If I were gonna change my name, I'd go with Deon.
JOEL: Deon Benes?
ELAINE: Well as a woman, it makes no sense. But, I mean, let's say I was you. And I decided I was gonna change my name for no real reasons whatsoever-- Deon Rifkin. Wow! That is so cool.
JOEL: D-Deon Rifkin?
ELAINE: Well maybe you're not the Dion type. O.K. then let's see, let's see, what do we got? (looking at the magazine, she starts to gasp and loses it) Oh! Oh oh oh! O.J.! O.J. Rifkin! You don't even use a name, it's just initials. Oh please please please change your name to O.J.! Please, it would be so great!
JOEL: Elaine! What is going on?
(scene ends)
[setting: Monk's]
(Jerry and George at a booth)
GEORGE: She stayed over?
JERRY: Yeah. (disappointed)
GEORGE: The sex wasn't so good?
JERRY: No. The sex was fabulous.
GEORGE: So?
JERRY: I want the massage!
GEORGE: Did you ask her?
JERRY: I tried putting her hands there (on his neck) but she pulls it away immediately, she's not into it.
GEORGE: Why not?
JERRY: I guess 'cause it's her job. It's very frustrating.
GEORGE: So we had a good time... the four of us.
JERRY: Yeah.
GEORGE: We all got along. Everyone seemed very pleasant.
JERRY: Yeah.
GEORGE: What did Jodi say?
JERRY: She had a good time.
GEORGE: Is that it?
JERRY: Pretty much.
GEORGE: Did she say anything about, uh...
JERRY: What?
GEORGE: Nah. It's all right. Great! She had a good time.
JERRY: Yeah (a so-so yeah as he takes a sip of coffee)
GEORGE: You just hesitated.
JERRY: I was blowing on the coffee.
GEORGE: She didn't like me?
JERRY: Look it's not like you're gonna be spending a lot of time with her.
GEORGE: So she doesn't like me?
JERRY: No.
GEORGE: She said that?
JERRY: Yes.
GEORGE: She told you she doesn't like me!
JERRY: Yes.
GEORGE: What were her exact--
JERRY: "I don't like him."
GEORGE: Uh-Huh (gulp) Why didn't she like me?
JERRY: Not everybody likes everybody!
GEORGE: I tried to be nice. I wasn't nice?
JERRY: You were very nice!
GEORGE: I bent over backwards for that woman! Is it that thing I said about her sister?
JERRY: It has nothing to do with her sister.
GEORGE: I don't even know her sister but believe me, if she's getting traffic tickets, she's not that good-looking! Woah
(scene ends)
[setting: hall in Jerry's building]
(George and Jerry are coming back from Monk's)
GEORGE: You vomited in 1987.
JERRY: Oh no. That was the dry heaves.
(Jodi is in front of Jerry's door)
JERRY: Jodi.
JODI: Hey, Jerry.
GEORGE: Ha! Ha! Hey! (moving his arms like: it's so great to be all here)
JERRY: What are you doing here?
JODI: I was giving Kramer a massage.
JERRY: Kramer! (tries to hide he's upset and jealous)
JODI: I got to run. I have an appointment downtown.
GEORGE: Here. Let me take your tabe downstairs for you.
JODI: No that's O.K.
GEORGE: Please give it to me. I love to help people. This is what I do. Come on. I'm going this way. (he takes the table from Jodi's hands and she has no choice but to follow him)
JERRY: I'll see you tonight. (he's opening his door apartment as Kramer comes out of his in a bathrobe)
KRAMER: Hey! I am looser than creamed corn!
JERRY: Who told you to get a massage from her. I haven't gotten a massage from her yet!
KRAMER: You don't know what you're missing buddy.
(they enter Jerry's apartment)
(scene ends)
[setting: street in front of Jerry's building]
(George and Jodi)
GEORGE: No one hails a cab like me. My hailing technique is unmatched. I get the wrist going from side to side and boom! Cabs are crashing into themselves to just pick me up. (a cab stops) All right, here we go. Let me get door. Feminists aside, I know women like the door holding. Here we are all righty. O.K. Jodi let's get together again real soon and say hello to your sister for me.
JODI: You've never met. (the cab starts and George is following to keep talking to Jodi)
GEORGE: Whatever. Believe me, if I wasn't involved right now, I wouldn't mind being set up. Something tells me she's a knockout. (we see, from the camera inside the cab, George's hand waving as the cab drives away)
(scene ends)
[setting: Jerry's apartment]
(Kramer is lying on the couch as Jerry is cutting a block of cheese on the kitchen counter)
KRAMER: (Kramer is talking much more slowly and smoother than usual) First she sets the mood perfectly with this new age music played over ocean sounds. Then she lays you out on this table, and she proceeds to rub oil over your entire body. And she rubs long... and deep... Jerry, she rubs with love. (Jerry is obviously cutting much harder than the cheese needs it as he listens to Kramer) Every muscles she touches just... (long pause) ooo-zz-es. Beneath those silky, soft fingers, you can scarcely contain yourself, buddy. (Jerry slams down the knife and goes to the couch)
JERRY: So you had a good time.
KRAMER: Oh... yeah...
JERRY: Enjoyed yourself.
KRAMER: Very... much...
JERRY: All right now you listen and you listen good! (he grabs Kramer's legs and throws him down the couch)
KRAMER: What! (Kramer is back to his usual way of speaking)
JERRY: The massages are out!
KRAMER: Wha--
JERRY: Ahh!!! They're out!
KRAMER: Why?!
JERRY: Because if I can't get one, you're not getting one.
KRAMER: Wait a minute! Wait a minute! I need my massages! Can't you see I'm burned out!
JERRY: I'm sorry, Kramer. (he goes back to the kitchen)
KRAMER: Why? Why? Look, I paid for her. (Jerry stops walking)
JERRY: Don't you ever talk about her like that!
KRAMER: But why?
JERRY: That's final!!!
KRAMER: Ah!!! Yahh!!!
(scene ends)
[setting: Giants Stadium]
(Elaine and Joel)
ANNOUNCER: Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to Giants stadium.
ELAINE: Oh, you have photos in your wallet?
JOEL: Yeah. Why? Is that weird?
ELAINE: No, it's normal. You're very normal. You're totally normal. Who's this?
JOEL: That's my mother.
ELAINE: Oh yeah. I see the resemblance.
JOEL: No, there's no resemblance.
ELAINE: Yeah, there is, right here you see--
JOEL: Elaine, I was adopted.
ELAINE: (pause) Oh. That's nice.
JOEL: Oh, the game's about to start. I wonder where your friend Kramer is.
(scene ends)
[setting: ticket counter]
KRAMER: (to the ticket man) Uh, yeah, a ticket for Kramer.
TICKET MAN: Here it is. I need some I.D.
KRAMER: Oh, yeah. (snaps fingers) You know, I forgot my wallet.
TICKET MAN: Well, I can't give it to you then.
KRAMER: Are you kidding me?
TICKET MAN: I'm afraid not.
KRAMER: Come on, just look at me. Tell me I'm not Kramer.
TICKET MAN: I'm sorry. I need proof.
KRAMER: Look, I'll drive out here tomorrow and I'll show the I.D. I got nothing to do all day.
TICKET MAN: Neither do I. But without I.D., I need confirmation from the person who left the ticket.
KRAMER: Where's a phone?
(scene ends)
[setting: back to Elaine and Joel watching the game]
ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention, please? Would Joel Rifkin report to the stadium office. Joel Rifkin...telephone. (the crowd stops cheering and we see a football player, Lawrence Taylor of the N.Y. Giants, distracted from the game while hearing the announcer saying Joel Rifkin)
JOEL: Who would be calling me here? (he stands up and look around)
ELAINE: (to the person in front of her) He's not the murderer.
(scene ends)
[setting: Jerry's apartment]
(Kramer enters, moaning)
KRAMER: Oh, God.
JERRY: What's the matter with you?
KRAMER: Jerry, I need another massage!
JERRY: You just had one yesterday. What do you need another one for?
KRAMER: Because of the Giant game! I told you, It went overtime! You know what those seats are like. They're very unforgiving.
JERRY: Oh please.
KRAMER: And then the game-winning field goal went over the net and into the crowd and I dove over three rows! My back, it's killing me! (whining) It's killing me Jerry!
JERRY: Well, did you get the ball?
KRAMER: Oh I got the ball.
JERRY: Well, I never even caught a foul ball at a baseball game.
KRAMER: Well, It's quite a thrill.
JERRY: Why don't you get somebody else?
KRAMER: Because nobody does it like she does. She's the best.
JERRY: Well, that's it! Tonight's the night. I'm getting one. No "if and's or but's".
KRAMER: What about my massage?
JERRY: (whining like Kramer) Ask Newman.
(scene ends)
[setting: Monk's]
(George and Karen at a booth)
GEORGE: So I lugged that table. That big heavy massage table all the way down to the cab! You ever seen one of those things?
KAREN: Of course.
GEORGE: No, I don't know. Maybe you haven't. You know, not everybody's seen a massage table.
KAREN: What, do you think I've never had a massage before?
GEORGE: Anyway, I don't even get a thank you. I don't get it!
KAREN: George, frankly, I'm getting a little tired of hearing about her.
GEORGE: I wanna know what I did to this woman.
KAREN: What, you got a little thing for her?
GEORGE: No, No! She's going out with a friend of mine. It's only courteous that we should try and like each other.
KAREN: What difference does it make? Who cares if she doesn't like you? Does everybody in the world have to like you?
GEORGE: Yes! Yes! Everybody has to like me. I must be liked!
(scene ends)
[setting: Elaine's apartment]
(Elaine and Joel sitting on the couch)
ELAINE: Of course I support your decision to change your name.
JOEL: After the Giant game I realized that this--this problem isn't going away.
ELAINE: Well, listen, I just want you to know that I was more than willing to stick it out with Joel Rifkin.
JOEL: Sure?
ELAINE: (she fakes a strangling) RRR...
JOEL: O.K. you got your list?
ELAINE: Yeah. Yeah. 10 names.
JOEL: Right.
ELAINE: O.K. And if somebody objects, you can just veto it.
JOEL: O.K.
ELAINE: O.K. You start. What's your first choice?
JOEL: Stuart.
ELAINE: (right away) No. Second choice.
JOEL: Stu--Stuart's no good?
ELAINE: I have never met a normal guy named Stuart.
JOEL: O-O.K. My second choice is... Todd.
ELAINE: (repeating to hear how it sounds) Todd. (pause) No. Veto.
JOEL: All right. Oh, hey, I think you're gonna like my first my third choice.
ELAINE: Great...
JOEL: Alex.
ELAINE: I gotta tell ya, I have a bad association with the name Alex.
JOEL: Bad bad association?
ELAINE: Yeah, in college I sat next to an Alex in art history. And he was always drinking coffee and after every sip he would go: "Ahh". I mean every two seconds: "Ahh". And he would take like 40 sips and after everyone: "Ahh". I had to drop the class.
(scnen ends)
[setting: Jerry's place]
(Jerry is opening the door for Jodi. She has her massage table. New age music is playing, and the lights are shaded)
JODI: Hey.
JERRY: Hi.
JODI: Hi. (kiss) I was running late and I didn't have a chance to drop off my stuff before I came over.
JERRY: Ah, no problem. That's fine.
JODI: What's with this music?
JERRY: That's new age music. Sounds of the forest. I find it soothing. Hey, look at this! What do you know? A massage table! This is great! (he starts to install the table)
JODI: What are you doing?
JERRY: Just checking it out. Look at how this thing is made. Can I tell you something? That's a hell of a piece of equipment.
JODI: Actually, I should get a new one.
JERRY: No, nonsense. This one's fine. (as he sits on the table)
JODI: So, where do you wanna go? (as she puts her hand on his shoulder)
JERRY: Go? Why go anywhere? (as he places his hand over hers. She starts to massage his shoulders a little) Ahh, that feels good. Yeah. That's, uh... That's good. (he tries to go further. He grabs her hands over his shoulders and he lies down on the table on his chest) Yeah, that's nice. That's very nice.
JODI: (she stops massaging) No. No, this isn't good. I can't do this.
JERRY: Why, what's wrong? (he grabs her hands and force her to keep them on his shoulders)
JODI: I can't (she tries harder to pull her hands away)
JERRY: No. Yes you can. (he hangs on)
JODI: No, I can't!
JERRY: Come on! I know it's something you wanna do! (she pulls harder and he falls right off the table)
(scene ends)
[setting: Karen's place]
(George and Karen are making out on the couch)
GEORGE: You know what? I should really go talk to her. Nothing confrontational. Just two adults sitting down trying to clear the air. You know, I just know if I could spend some time alone with her. I've got to. (he grabs his jacket) I've got to.
KAREN: You're going now?
GEORGE: I think I can still catch her.
KAREN: All right George. I have had just about enough of this.
GEORGE: What? What are you talking about.
KAREN: I am talking about you and Jodi. You're completely obsessed with her!
GEORGE: I know. I know.
KAREN: Who is more important to you, her or me? I like you, she doesn't. Who are you gonna pick?
GEORGE: (he thinks a little about it... and as he puts his hand on his knee and gets up) I'm sorry Karen. I know I care for you, but I just can't stand when someone doesn't like me. (he opens the door)
KAREN: Well, now I hate you!
GEORGE: That I'm used to. (he leaves)
(scene ends)
[setting: back to Elaine's place]
JOEL: Ned?
ELAINE: What is wrong with Ned?
JOEL: Ned's a guy who buys irregular underwear. Next!
ELAINE: Ellis.
JOEL: Ellis?! You might as well go with Alex. It's the same thing!
ELAINE: Ellis and Alex aren't even close.
JOEL: NEXT!
ELAINE: Ohh, what is the point?
JOEL: NO, NO. COME ON!
ELAINE: O.K. O.K. Remy.
JOEL: Remy Rifkin? Should I get a beret?
ELAINE: Oh, Stuart's a lot better! (talking like a baby) Little Stuart Rifkin likes to go shopping with his mother.
JOEL: Grrrr!
(scene ends)
[setting: back to Jerry's]
JERRY: What do you mean, no?
JODI: No means no.
JERRY: Look, who are you kidding? You come up to my apartment with your table and your little oils, and I'm not supposed to expect anything? You're a massage teaser.
JODI: Listen. I massage who I want, when I want. I don't submit to forcible massage. (he tries desperately to get her hands on his shoulders again but she pulls them away immediately) I'm getting out of here.
JERRY: Fine. Go.
(George enters. He's staring at Jodi)
GEORGE: Jerry, could you excuse us for a few minutes, please?
JERRY: What for?
GEORGE: We need to talk.
JERRY: You need to talk?
JODI: We have nothing to talk about.
GEORGE: Look it's no secret what's going on between us. (to Jerry) She doesn't like me. Now Jerry if you don't mind.
JERRY: George, anything you have to say to her, you can say in front of me.
GEORGE: (he makes a sign to Jodi to wait and turns to Jerry) Jerry... This woman hates me so much. I'm starting to like her.
JERRY: What?
GEORGE: She just dislikes me so much... It's irresistable.
JERRY: I can see that.
JODI: I'm getting out of here. (to Jerry) Don't call me.
JERRY: Don't worry. (she leaves)
GEORGE: A woman that hates me this much comes along once in a lifetime.
JERRY: You're a lucky guy.
GEORGE: I got to go after her.
JERRY: George. I wouldn't push for the massage. (George nods)
GEORGE: JODI! (he starts running after her)
(scene ends)
[Closing Monologue]
JERRY: The swedish are very big massagers. You know? They like the swedish meatballs, swedish massage. They like having meat in their hands these people, for some reason. But it's weird because they have the highest suicide rate, they're rubbing each other's necks all the time for a neutral country they seem kinda tense. I don't really like the idea of getting a professional massage. I don't want people touching me that don't know me and don't want to have sex with me. You know what are you bothering me for? You get me all loosened up, juices flowing, and then that's it ok, you're done. It's like having chocolate rubbed all over your face, you know you wanna go "Excuse me, I think you missed a spot."
[Opening Monologue]
JERRY: You can always tell what was the best year of your father's life, because they seem to just freeze that clothing style and just ride it out to the end, don't they? And it's not like they don't continue shopping, it's just they somehow manage to find new old clothes. Every father is like this fashion time capsule, you know what I mean. It's like they should be on a pedestal, with someone next to 'em going 'This was nineteen sixty-five'. To me the worst thing is shopping for pants. I hate dressing and undressing in that little room. What men need is a place to shop where you go in, you check your pants at the door, and you just walk around the store in your underwear. That would be the best way. Then you'd really have to lie to the salesman. 'Need some help?' 'No, just getting some air.'
[George's parents' house]
(Elaine and Jerry in the living room.)
JERRY: How would you describe the smell in this house?
ELAINE: (sniffing) Dandruff?
JERRY: Yeah, that's part of it. (sniffs) Kasha?
ELAINE: There's some kasha.
JERRY: Yeah. Dandruff, kasha, mothballs, cheap carpeting. It's pot pourri, really.
(George enters from the kitchen
ELAINE: Alright, let's go, come on.
GEORGE: Wha... you're going?
ELAINE: Yeah. You know we shouldn't have bowled that last game, I'm gonna be late.
(Kramer enters from bathroom. He's holding some brightly coloured objects in his hand and obviously has an unpleasant taste in his mouth.)
KRAMER: Egh. These aren't candies.
GEORGE: Wha? Did you use those? These are guest soaps! (he grabs the soaps and begins examining them for damage)
KRAMER: Well I'm a guest.
GEORGE: Now my parents are gonna know I had people over.
JERRY: You're not allowed to have people over?
GEORGE: I can't have any parties while they're out of town. (he leaves to return the soaps)
KRAMER: What, this is a party?
ELAINE: Not any more. Come on, get your ball, we're leaving. Let's go, let's go.
(Jerry, Elaine and Kramer begin to leave. George re-enters and notices Jerry's mug on the coffee table.)
GEORGE: (yells) Wow! Who put this cup right on the new table!
JERRY: (picks it up) I was having coffee, I put it on the coffee table.
GEORGE: But you didn't use a coaster, Jerry, you left a stain! (he runs to kitchen)
KRAMER: Whoah boy. There's always one at every party, huh?
(George returns with a cloth and begins wiping at the stain.)
ELAINE: (impatient) Come on!
JERRY: What's the big rush?
ELAINE: I'm having people over.
JERRY: Who?
ELAINE: The girls for poker night. You know, Joanne, Renee, Winona...
JERRY: Eh, eh, ah. Winona's gonna be there?
ELAINE: Yeah. And she broke up with the vitamin guy.
JERRY: (interested) Really?
ELAINE: I'll put in a good word for you.
JERRY: Thanks, because I would really like... (distractedly puts coffee cup back on the table)
GEORGE: (screaming) Aaahh!!
JERRY: Alright, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. (picks it up again)
GEORGE: But Jerry, this is not coming out!
JERRY: Just put a coffee table book over it.
GEORGE: My parents don't read! They're gonna wonder what a book is doing on the table!
KRAMER: Hey, hey, hey, hey. You know what would make a great coffee table book? A coffee table book about coffee tables! Get it?
ELAINE: Got it! C'mon, let's go, let's go. Bye George.
GEORGE: Wait, wait wait, not so fast. Jerry, you gotta take me to get this thing refinished.
ELAINE: Now?!
GEORGE: Yes, now. It's gonna take a few days and my parents are gonna be back. I gotta have it back before them!
ELAINE: Jerry, you promised you'd get me home by seven.
KRAMER: Alright, we'll take the subway.
JERRY: There you go. That'll get you home in time.
ELAINE: Oh! The subway? From Queens?
GEORGE: Alright, Jerry, I'm gonna get my coat.
JERRY: I'm sorry Elaine, I'll make it up to you.
ELAINE: I need something to read on the subway.
JERRY: (handing her a magazine) Here, read this.
ELAINE: (looks at it) TV Guide?
[Subway train]
(Elaine and Kramer sit together. Elaine is reading TV Guide, Kramer is expanding on his book concept.)
KRAMER: Like a history of coffee tables, celebrities and their coffee tables. It's a natural. This is a story that must be told.
ELAINE: (engrossed in magazine) Hmm-mmm.
KRAMER: So, you're gonna talk to your boss about it, huh?
ELAINE: (still paying no attention) Hmm-mmm. First thing in the morning.
KRAMER: (claps hands) Yes indeed.
TANNOY (V.O.): Next stop, Queensboro Plaza.
KRAMER: Oh, Queensboro Plaza. (reties his shoelaces) This stop is famous for its gyros, you want one?
ELAINE: How are you gonna get something and get back on the train in time?
KRAMER: Well, they got a stand right out on the platform. Gyros are cooked, and wrapped, and ready to go. (he pulls money from his pocket) Three dollars, no change. You want one?
ELAINE: (laughing) No thanks.
KRAMER: Alright, but no bites.
(Kramer goes to the door, where he stands jostling with a couple of other guys waiting for it to open. When it does, they all exit in a hurry. Elaine continues to study the TV Guide. A guy sitting opposite (bald, glasses, anorak inside and out) proffers a pen.)
RICKY: Highlighter?
ELAINE: Excuse me?
RICKY: To highlight the programmes you plan to watch.
ELAINE: Ah. Uh, look really (looks about to try and avoid contact) I'm just trying to read.
RICKY: Fine, okay. It's just, I've never seen a beautiful lady reading 'the Guide' so far away from a TV. You must really like television.
(The train about to leave, the doors begin to close. As they do, Kramer tries to enter. The door closes, trapping his arm at the shoulder, leaving him holding his gyro into the carriage.)
KRAMER: (yells) Elaine!
(A passenger walking down the carriage grabs the gyro from Kramer's hand and sits down to eat it. Kramer extracts his arm and the doors slam closed.)
RICKY: Guess your boyfriend'll have to catch the next train.
ELAINE: He's not my boyfriend.
RICKY: He's not? (thoughtful) Interesting.
[Furniture refinishers]
(Gepetto, the store owner is assessing the state of the coffee table.)
JERRY: Hey, maybe I should get Elaine something.
GEORGE: Why?
JERRY: Ah, you know, I didn't drive her home. Plus, I give her a gift in front of Winona, how does that hurt me?
GEORGE: Can't hurt you.
JERRY: What about, what about this thing?
GEORGE: The Indian?
JERRY: Yeah. You know, kind of a peace offering. Cute.
GEPETTO: Well, I can have the table ready for you on Monday.
GEORGE: Alright, but no later, because my parents are coming back.
GEPETTO: They left you home alone, huh?
[Subway train]
(Elaine still sits with Ricky the TV anorak. He's poring over the TV Guide. Elaine is looking like she'd rather be anywhere else.)
RICKY: Oh, 'kay, see. On this particular Tuesday (he swaps seats and sits beside Elaine) you could've watched six hours of Lucy. There's I Love Lucy, The Lucy Show, Here's Lucy.
(The brakes come on as the train pulls into a stop.)
ELAINE: Oh, (nervous laugh) my stop. (making her escape) Bye-bye.
RICKY: (after Elaine) Hey miss! (waving TV Guide) You forgot this!
(Elaine has gone. Ricky looks at the cover of the magazine, and sees the address label, upon which is printed F. COSTANZA, 1344 QUEENS BLVD, FLUSHING NY 11353)
[Furniture refinishers]
(Gepetto explaining the Indian to Jerry. George sits waiting.)
GEPETTO: They don't make these any more. The work is, is all done by hand. (Sylvia enters the store behind him) Takes years, and years, and... (notices) Sylvia! For crying out, you're forty-five minutes late!
SYLVIA: Yeah, yeah. (to George, smiling) Is that your car out there?
GEORGE: No, it's, it's his. (indicates Jerry)
SYLVIA: Oh, nice. You guys are obviously from Manhattan.
GEORGE: Well, he is. I, uh, I live around the corner.
SYLVIA: Really? Ah, I didn't think any cool guys lived in this neighborhood.
GEORGE: (sensing his chance) Well, they do now. Neighborhood's changing.
JERRY: Alright, I'll take it.
GEPETTO: Smart choice.
SYLVIA: Wow, you bought the Indian? Oh, you guys have great taste.
GEORGE: Well, we're collectors. We, uh, see objects of great beauty and, uh, we must have them.
[Elaine's apartment]
(Elaine and the girls are sitting at a table playing poker.)
ELAINE: Knocked you out Jack. Pair of deuces
THE GIRLS: (disappointed) Oh/Aah.
ELAINE: (triumphant) Ha, ha, ha ha!
(There's a knock at the door.)
ELAINE: Who is it?
JERRY (O.C.): It's Jerry.
(Elaine gets up and opens the door, revealing Jerry standing beside a large object (the Indian) half-covered with a black plastic bag.)
ELAINE: Jerry!
JERRY: Surprise! (he carries in the object)
ELAINE: What is this?
JERRY: Well, I felt bad about this afternoon, so I got you something.
ELAINE: Oh, you did? (to girls) Oh, do you guys all know Jerry?
THE GIRLS: Hi Jerry/Hello. (etc)
JERRY: Hi. Hi Winona. Nice to see you again.
GIRL (NOT WINONA): Elaine, is it your birthday?
ELAINE: No.
JERRY: I don't need a reason to give gifts, it's my nature. I love to make people happy.
THE GIRLS: Aww/That's so sweet. (general murmur of approval)
JERRY: Are you ready?
ELAINE: Yeah.
JERRY: (whips off bag to reveal Indian) Ta-da!
(There is a deathly hush.)
JERRY: It's a cigar store Indian. (to Elaine) Read the card.
ELAINE: (examines card; embarrassed) That's very nice. Thank you very much.
JERRY: Read it out loud.
ELAINE: I, I don't think so.
JERRY: (takes the card from Elaine) We had a little fight this afternoon. (reading from card) Let's bury the hatchet. We smoke um peace pipe.
WINONA: (gathering her stuff) Hey, you know, it's late. I really should go.
ELAINE: I, uh, I don't blame you Winona. I, uh...
(Jerry begins rocking the Indian back and forth, making the stereotypical movie Indian chant.)
JERRY: Hey-yah, ho-ah, hey-yah, ho-ah.
(Winona leaves, looking offended.)
ELAINE: Are you out of your mind?!
JERRY: ...ho-ah. It's, it's, it's kitschy.
ELAINE: Winona is a Native American.
JERRY: She is?
[George's parents' house]
(Sylvia is looking round the living room. Some cheesy male harmony singing can be heard in the background.)
SYLVIA: You got very unusual taste.
GEORGE: (proffering glasses) I hope prune juice is alright. It's the only thing I had that was chilled.
SYLVIA: Fine.
GEORGE: I'm sorry about that lock on the liquor cabinet. The combination musta just flown outta my head. It's a mental block.
SYLVIA: (regarding photo) Ahh! Is this your son in the bubble bath?
GEORGE: (bashful) No, that's me.
SYLVIA: Oh. You don't see many guys your age who keep baby pictures of themselves around. (laughs) I like it. Consistent with the rest of the house.
GEORGE: Yes, it is consistent. I've, uh, I've tried to maintain a consistent feel throughout the house.
SYLVIA: What is this we're listening to?
GEORGE: The Ray Conniff Singers. (nervous chuckle)
SYLVIA: Mmmm, what's that smell? Kasha?
GEORGE: It's a pot pourri. May I, uh, may I show you the master bedroom? (they leave together)
[Jerry, downstairs at Winona's building. He's talking on the buzzer.]
WINONA (O.C.): Who is it?
JERRY: Uh, Winona, it's Jerry Seinfeld.
WINONA: (unimpressed) Yeah?
JERRY: Uhm, listen, I really felt bad about what happened, and I, I, I'd really like to apologise. Can I come up?
WINONA: I'll come down.
[Elaine's apartment]
KRAMER: I came by to get my ball.
ELAINE: It's right over there.
KRAMER: Oh, yeah, thanks. (gets ball) Yeah, it's got the magic grip. How d'you think I bowled that two-twenty today, huh? (sees Indian) Yo! Where did this come from?
ELAINE: You want it?
KRAMER: (unbelieving) I can have this?!
ELAINE: Yuh! You wanna lug it uptown, it's yours.
KRAMER: Oh. I'll lug.
[Street outside Winona's]
WINONA: It's just that it's a very sensitive issue for me.
JERRY: And well it should be. I think if you spent any time with me at all, you'd see I'm very sensitive to these matters as well. You wouldn't be hungry by any chance, wouldya?
WINONA: (smiling) I guess I could go for a bite.
JERRY: You like Chinese food, 'cos I once went to a great Szechwan restaurant in this neighbourhood. I don't remember the exact address... (he spots a mailman crouched emptying a box) Uh, excuse me, you must know where the Chinese restaurant is around here.
(The mailman stands, turns and is revealed as Chinese. He takes offence.)
MAILMAN: Why must I know? Because I'm Chinese? You think I know where all the Chinese restaurants are? (adopts hackneyed Chinese accent) Oh, ask honorable Chinaman for location of restaurant.
JERRY: I asked because you were the mailman, you would know the neighbourhood.
MAILMAN: Oh, hello American Joe. Which way to hamburger, hotdog stand? (storms away)
JERRY: I didn't know that...
WINONA: You know, it's late. I should probably just go home.
JERRY: I, I had no idea.
(A cab drives by. Kramer leans out the window, along with the top of the Indian.)
KRAMER: (yells) Hey Jerry! (thumps cab door with his palm) Look what I got! (begins doing war-whoops)
(Winona looks offended again. Jerry is mortified, and can find nothing to say. Winona storms back into her building.)
[George's parent's house]
(George and Jerry are returning the table.)
GEORGE: Looks pretty good.
JERRY: Yeah, did a good job.
(They put the various ornaments back on the table.)
GEORGE: Yeah. I don't think they'll be able to tell.
JERRY: You know, I don't get it. Not allowed to ask a Chinese person where the Chinese restaurant is! I mean, aren't we all getting a little too sensitive? I mean, someone asks me which way is Israel, I don't fly off the handle.
GEORGE: So, anyway, what's uh, what's the status with, uh...
JERRY: Ah, she kinda calmed down. I talked to her today. In fact I'm gonna see her tonight.
GEORGE: Oh, great.
JERRY: Yeah, but I'm a little uncomfortable. I'm afraid of making another mistake.
GEORGE: Aw c'mon.
(The front door opens and George's parents enter.)
ESTELLE: Hello, hello!
GEORGE: (insincerely) Ahh, hey you're home. Hi.
ESTELLE: Oh, the house looks very nice.
GEORGE: Yeah, huh.
FRANK: Where's the mail?
ESTELLE: Hello Jerry.
JERRY: Hello.
GEORGE: So, how was the trip?
ESTELLE: Ah, your father...
FRANK: Is there anything wrong with getting a receipt at a toll booth?
ESTELLE: I'm going upstairs. (she leaves for the bedroom)
FRANK: (examining mail) This stack should be bigger, where's the TV Guide?
GEORGE: What TV Guide?
FRANK: I'm missing TV Guide volume forty-one, number thirty-one.
JERRY: Uh, Elaine took it to read on the subway.
FRANK: Elaine took it?
GEORGE: I didn't know she took it!
JERRY: Wa, it's two weeks old.
FRANK: (shouting) How could you let her take the TV Guide?!
GEORGE: (to Jerry) He collects them.
JERRY: You collect TV Guide?
FRANK: The nerve of that woman. Walking into my house, stealing my collectible!
ESTELLE: (screaming) Oh my God! (she enters holding a small packet) This was in our bed.
FRANK: (taking the packet) What is this? (accusingly to George) A prophylactic wrapper?!
ESTELLE: What is this doing on my bed?!
GEORGE: I don't know, uh...
JERRY: I'll see you later. (he leaves with unseemly haste)
FRANK: You were having sex on our bed?!
GEORGE: Yes!
ESTELLE: Who told you, you could have sex in our bed?
GEORGE: (pleading) Well, my bed is too small.
FRANK: Your bed is too small? I'm gone two weeks and you turn our house into, into Bourbon Street!
ESTELLE: Where am I going to sleep?
GEORGE: What are you talking about?
ESTELLE: I can't sleep in there!
GEORGE: Of course you can.
ESTELLE: I can't! (screams) I can't!
FRANK: That's it! You're grounded!
GEORGE: (incredulous) You can't ground me, I'm a grown man.
FRANK: You wanna live here? You respect the rules of our house. (yells) You're grounded!
[Winona's apartment]
(Jerry sits on the couch. Winona enters with their jackets.)
WINONA: So, where are we gonna go eat?
JERRY: I thought we'd eat at the Gentle Harvest.
WINONA: Ooh, I love that place, but it's usually so crowded. Can we get a table?
JERRY: Ah, don't worry. I made reser... (catches himself)
WINONA: You made what?
JERRY: I uh, I uh, I arranged for the appropriate accommodations. And then, Knick tickets, floor seats.
WINONA: How did you get these?
JERRY: Got 'em on the street, from a scal... (catches himself again)
WINONA: From who?
JERRY: A uh, one of those guys.
WINONA: What guys?
JERRY: You know, the guys, that uh, they sell the tickets for the sold-out events.
WINONA: Oh.
JERRY: Wait a second, you got the Mark McEwan TV Guide.
WINONA: That's Al Roker.
JERRY: Oh well, they're both chubby weathermen. I get Dom Deluise and Paul Prudhoe mixed up too. Could I have this?
WINONA: Sure, take it.
JERRY: Thanks.
[Jerry's apartment]
(Jerry enters with the TV Guide.)
JERRY: So, Winona had the TV Guide. Told you I'd make it up to you.
ELAINE: Aah, so Mr Costanza was pretty mad, huh?
JERRY: Yeah. You almost ruined his life's work.
ELAINE: He collects (holds up magazine) these?
JERRY: Yeah.
ELAINE: Wow! Alright, well I will personally go out to Queens and deliver his Al Roker TV Guide to him.
JERRY: What'ya do with the one you took?
ELAINE: I dunno.
[Ricky's apartment]
(Ricky sits at a table, in a room which looks like that of a messy teenager. He's cutting away at the TV Guide with a pair of scissors. He's humming the theme to I Love Lucy to himself as he does so.)
[Jerry's apartment]
(Kramer enters.)
ELAINE: Hi.
KRAMER: Yeah uh, Elaine uh, what'd he say?
ELAINE: What did who say?
KRAMER: Your boss. Didn't you tell him about the coffee table book?
ELAINE: Uhmm...
KRAMER: Yeah, you didn't tell him didya?
ELAINE: Kramer, it is such a dumb idea. I would be (raising her voice as Kramer speaks his line) totally embarrassed to bring it...
KRAMER: (simultaneous) Wait a minute, on the cover I'm...
ELAINE: I would be embarrassed to bring it up.
JERRY: I thought it was a pretty good idea. It's about coffee tables, it's on a coffee table.
KRAMER: Yeah, right, right, and on the cover is a built-in coaster. (clicks tongue) Alright, well I'm gonna go.
JERRY: Where you going?
KRAMER: Well, I'm gonna go to the cigar stores. I'm gonna see if I can sell that Indian.
JERRY: My Indian?
KRAMER: You know, I think it's worth something. It's kitschy. (tongue click)
(He leaves.)
[George's parents' house]
(George and Frank in front of the TV. Frank is still bothered by the TV Guide incident. George is slumped in the sofa, looking long-suffering.)
FRANK: How do you just walk into a house and take a TV Guide? How does she expect you to watch TV? (doorbell rings) Am I just supposed to turn it on and wander aimlessly around the dial?
(Estelle answers the door. Opening it, she finds Ricky outside, holding what looks like a bouquet of flowers.)
RICKY: Hello. Is Elaine home?
ESTELLE: Elaine Benes? Oh, she's my son's friend.
FRANK: (shouting) And she's not welcome in this house!
RICKY: (entering) Oh, 'cos I made her this very special gift. 'Kay, it's a bouquet of paper from her TV Guide.
FRANK: (yelling) That's my TV Guide! Ripped to shreds! She gave that to you?!
RICKY: (seeing TV) Hey, is that the Twilight Zone you're watching?
GEORGE: Yeah.
RICKY: Oh, this is a good one.
[Subway train]
(Elaine riding the subway to Queens.)
TANNOY (V.O.): Next stop, Queensboro Plaza.
(A thought occurs to Elaine.)
ELAINE (V.O.): Mmm, gyro.
(She jumps up and goes to the door. She sizes up the woman next to her at the exit. When the doors open, she barges the woman aside and rushes out first.)
[Jerry's apartment]
(Jerry is pouring glasses of Perrier in the kitchen while Winona looks around.)
WINONA: I like your place. It's very unassuming.
JERRY: Well, why would I assume. I never assume. Leads to assumptions.
WINONA: (laughs) Oh, by the way. That TV Guide I gave you, I need it back.
JERRY: Why?
WINONA: Well, I'm doing a report on minorities in the media, and I wanted to use that interview with Al Roker.
JERRY: Well, it's too late. I gave it to Elaine, and she's already on her way to give it to George's father.
WINONA: Jerry, I really need it back. It, it is mine.
JERRY: You can't give something and then take it back. I mean, what are you... (catches himself)
WINONA: What?
JERRY: A uh, a person that uh...
WINONA: A person that what?
JERRY: Well, a person that gives something and then they're dissatisfied and they wish they had, had never uh...
WINONA: And?
JERRY: ...give, given it to the person that they originally gave it to.
WINONA: You mean like, an Indian giver?!
JERRY: I'm sorry, I'm not familiar with that term.
[Subway train]
(Elaine is eating her gyro. As she does, unseen by her, juices from her sandwich are dripping onto the TV Guide in her bag.)
[George's parents' house]
(Frank and Ricky are going through Frank's TV Guide collection. The coffee table is covered in boxes of the magazine.)
RICKY: I like the special fall preview issues the best.
FRANK: Those. I've been saving those from the beginning.
(The doorbell rings.)
RICKY: These are worth like, a lot of money.
(Estelle opens the door, to find Elaine.)
ESTELLE: Oh, hello Elaine!
ELAINE: Hello. (she enters)
RICKY: (jumping to his feet) Elaine! Hello! You look scrumptious.
(Elaine looks nervous and surprised.)
FRANK: Why'd you take my TV Guide?
ELAINE: (placatory) I'm so sorry about that Mr Costanza, but look. Look, I brought you another one. (hands it over)
RICKY: I made this for you.
ELAINE: (accepts reluctantly) Oh, thank you.
FRANK: (examining magazine) What is this? You got stains all over it! What the hell'd you do?
RICKY: Hey, you can't talk to her like that.
FRANK: (yelling) I'll talk to her any way I want!
RICKY: Come on Elaine, let's go.
(As Ricky strides over to Elaine, he catches the coffee table with his leg. It tips up with the weight of the TV Guide collection and falls over with a crash.)
ESTELLE: My coffee table!
[Gus' Smoke Shop]
(Kramer is stands beside the Indian in the cigar store, trying to do a job of salesmanship. The guy behind the counter doesn't look impressed. In the background, Mr Lippman is browsing.)
KRAMER: I don't understand. How can you have a cigar store, without an Indian? It's unseemly.
SPIKE: I'll give you a box of Coronas for it.
KRAMER: Forget it.
LIPPMAN: Uh, excuse me. Are you uh, selling this Indian?
KRAMER: Oh yeah, yeah.
LIPPMAN: Uh, I'm just uh, redecorating my office in a south-western motif and this'd be perfect. Give you five hundred dollars for it?
KRAMER: Giddyup.
LIPPMAN: Yeah? Could you help me bring it up to my office, I'm right next door. Pendant Publishing.
KRAMER: Pendant Publishing? Giddyup again.
[Lippman's office]
(Kramer is sitting in a chair before the desk, smoking a cigar. Elaine enters.)
ELAINE: Mr Lippman. I'm sorry, I was in Queens uh... (sees Kramer) Kramer!
KRAMER: Yeah, hi Elaine.
ELAINE: What are you doing in here with that?
KRAMER: Ah, well, it's a business transaction.
LIPPMAN: (entering, smoking a cigar and with a handful of cash) Listen uh, petty cash just had tens and twenties. (hands cash to Kramer) Go ahead, count it.
KRAMER: Yeah, I'm sure it's all here. (puts in in his pocket) You know I was just admiring your coffee table, out there in the hall.
LIPPMAN: You like that, huh? I had that custom made for me in Santa Fe.
KRAMER: You mind if I use it in my book?
LIPPMAN: What book?
KRAMER: Well, I'm doing a coffee table book on coffee tables.
LIPPMAN: About coffee tables?
(Elaine is pulling skeptical faces.)
KRAMER: Uh huh.
LIPPMAN: That's fantastic. (Elaine looks gobsmacked) Who's your publisher?
KRAMER: Well, I'm still shopping it around.
LIPPMAN: Yeah? (to Elaine) You see, this is the kind of idea you should be coming in with. What the hell do you do round here all day anyway?
ELAINE: Well I (indistinct) ...manuscript that I...
LIPPMAN: (ignoring Elaine) God, that Indian really completes the room. Don't you think?
(Elaine looks sick.)
[Furniture refinishers]
(Estelle is showing the table to Sylvia.)
SYLVIA: I know this coffee table, it's George Costanza's.
ESTELLE: It's mine. I'm his mother.
SYLVIA: Oh, I haven't seen George for a while. He must be working very hard.
ESTELLE: George doesn't work. He's a bum. That's why he lives at home with us.
SYLVIA: He does?
[Subway train]
(Jerry and Elaine sit together on the train. Elaine still looks unhappy. Jerry has a copy of the TV Guide.)
JERRY: I don't know why we didn't think of this before. We just could call TV Guide.
ELAINE: I dunno.
JERRY: Well, it's gonna make Mr Costanza very happy. (he hands the magazine to Elaine)
ELAINE: I guess.
JERRY: What's the matter?
ELAINE: What d'you think is the matter? I've been assigned to work on Kramer's coffee table book.
JERRY: It is a good idea, Elaine.
TANNOY (V.O.): Next stop, Queensboro Plaza.
JERRY: You want a gyro?
ELAINE: I don't think so.
(Jerry jumps up and rushes out of the door, pushing his way past other commuters.)
[Subway train: moments later]
(Elaine sits alone in her seat. Jerry tries to enter the carriage just as the doors close. They close on his arm, trapping it.)
JERRY: Elaine!
(A guy walking through the carriage picks the gyro out of Jerry's hand, just as Jerry pulls his arm free. He sits down opposite Elaine, preparing to eat.)
AL ROKER: Guess your boyfriend's gonna have to catch the next train.
ELAINE: He's not my boyfriend.
AL ROKER: He's not? Interesting. (gives a big grin)
(Elaine gets a flicker of recognition. She lifts up the TV Guide and finds the guy opposite her is the same guy pictured on the cover, Al Roker. She looks up at the real guy again and he has the exact expression as the picture on the cover.)
[Nightclub]
JERRY: I was always excited as a kid, when that new TV Guide would come. Somehow when that front cover's nice and flat, seems like there's good fresh TV shows in. Then, as the weeks go by you start to hate the TV Guide. All the shows stink. Everything's getting all crumpled and ripped from being sat on, thrown across the room. TV Guide is always thrown, never handed, to another person. It's the world's most thrown reading material. 'Where's TV Guide?' (mimes throwing) 'There it is.' You know in the back of the TV Guide, they have a phone number, ninety-five cents a minute, they will give you the answers to the TV Guide crossword puzzle? My question is, if you can't do the TV Guide crossword puzzle, where are you coming across ninety-five cents?
[Opening Monologue]
JERRY: You know doctor is supposed to be suc